Jason, I really like your look.
You had it poppin' tonight.
I totally disagree.
Because I love your look.
You're a star.
Believe in your dreams.
 Thank you.
 Jason, have you ever put out a cigar on Gilbert Gottfried's neck? Because I have, and his screams were the worst thing I'd ever heard.
Until tonight.
Congratulations, you're a disgrace.
Ah! I rolled my ankle.
God! Also, Jason, if you think you're passing for straight, you're embarrassing yourself.
that show last night.
Not me.
I've got better things to do than watch Jenna humiliate children.
So you don't care that Shayla made it to the next round?  How? She is so pitchy.
 What can I tell you? The audience just loves Shayla's personal story.
Did you know that both her mothers are serial killers? That's America.
So, did you miss me over the break? Of course.
A little less than my kidnapped wife, but I did get a nice Christmas card from Avery and Kim JongUn.
At least I had some quality time with Liddy.
She's like a little human tumbler of scotch.
You turning soft on me, Donaghy? If you want, I can recommend a good gynecologist.
You know, 'cause I really like my guy.
He's sort of a doogie howser type.
But younger.
Aren't you going to ask me how my No.
I know exactly how your holidays were.
You took the train to your parents' house.
On Christmas Eve, you forgot that eggnog has alcohol in it, and got into a shoving match with your aunt about who puts the star on top of the tree.
It was my year! What, lupus lets you just cut the line? You received two sweaters that you didn't really like and got your dad a book on world war ii that he already owned.
Wow, you really think you know everything about me, don't you? Yes, after six years I really do.
Well, I will have you know that there are aspects of my life about which you know nothing.
Take off that jacket.
If you're not wearing one of those Christmas sweaters out of guilt, I'll give you $1,000.
Wrong, Jack.
'Cause they weren't sweaters.
They were Dickies! Happy 2012! Good morning, Mr.
Rossitano.
I'm sorry you're going to hell.
That's okay.
How was your break? Wonderful.
Reverend Gary did the math, and guess what? The world is ending tomorrow! And you're happy about that? Oh, of course.
I get to go to heaven and receive my reward! hold the salt.
Oh, I'm sorry I won't be seeing you in heaven, Mr.
Spurlock.
But on the bright side, black hell does have a jukebox.
So you think this is your last day on Earth.
Well, I'll leave the thinking to other religions.
Well, you must have things you want to do before you die.
Is the sky blue? Until tomorrow, when it will be on fire.
Then you should go and do them.
I came across the following quote on the side of a tampon box this Christmas.
Work like you don't need the money.
Love like you've never been hurt.
Dance like nobody's watching.
Enjoy these satchel Paige brand tampons.
 You know what miss Lemon? I will do that.
Thank you.
You're just giving him the day off? That's awfully nice.
I'm a nice person.
Because I'm a happy person.
My happiness makes me nice.
Also, maybe I'm in a good mood because I'm not being weighed down by redundant torso fabric.
 What does that mean?  Wouldn't you like to know? Amazing news, Liz.
I made the People magazine crossword.
One across, five letters, Jenna Maroney's first name.
Wow! Congratulations.
Because of America's kidz got singing, I am blowing up.
When you Google Jenna Maroney now, I come up first.
Not the Jenna Maroney who electrocuted all those horses.
Jenna, that was you.
Anyway, I'll be back for rehearsal after I tape the show.
Talent walking! This has nothing to do with Jenna's success that I'm jealous of, but if that yellowhaired bag of teeth keeps me waiting for rehearsal, I will set my dressing room on fire.
Okay, first of all, Tracy, you know you're the real star.
Huh.
You know what? I'm not doing this.
 But I'm acting out.
 Right.
And I know it'll all blow over eventually, and so I'm just going to skip the exhausting middle part.
But you're supposed to control me.
You're Liz Lemon.
That's what you do! You're a 42yearold man.
No, I'm not.
I took a real age test.
It said I'm dead.
Hey, I was just going to call you.
You wanna watch today's Kidz taping? We're kicking off Public domain week.
This week, America's kids sing really old songs that everyone knows and NBC doesn't have to pay for.
 It's brilliant.
 Wow, more money.
This thing's a real cash cow.
Unlike cash cow, the failed NBC spinoff of cash cab.
You try riding a cow through midtown Manhattan, Lemon.
The animal will panic.
Right.
Anyway, I was just going to call you because I'm wondering why I received an email confirming my membership in a dating service called desperationships.
com.
Because after 6 years, I know you're depressed after spending the holidays alone.
I'm not depressed, Jack.
And I don't need some dumb dating website.
What if I told you your first match burned his groin off in an accident at his cake shop.
 No.
Not interested.
 Five minutes.
Show's getting started.
I'd better get in there.
I'll see you soon.
Five minutes to tape, everyone.
Die, you blonde bitch! Thank you.
Is that your daughter? She's adorable.
Thanks.
She's my angel.
Her name's Liddy.
Oh.
Ha.
That's odd, because my daughter's name I'm going to interrupt you right there, Liddy.
Terrible song selection.
You were sharp.
And I'm about to get raw with you.
You're weird looking, Liddy.
Even if you could sing, with that face it would be like eating a steak that just came out of a dumpster.
 I've done that.
 Here's my advice, Liddy.
Go work on your presentation.
Take voice lessons.
Then seal yourself in a barrel, and fall off of the waterfall.
You leave Liddy alone! I need it quiet to record my catchphrase.
Sebastian, I'm going to give you a few options.
 Love it, Jenna! Go.
 Is this your show? Liddy, go jump back up your mother.
Liddy, go jump back up your mother.
Go jump back up your mother, Liddy.
Yeah, I like the third one for me, and her crying on the second one.
I love it.
Brilliant, Jenna.
Hello, Mr.
Hornberger.
Kenneth, what are you doing? Sir, this chiquita banana sticker had been stuck to that ceiling for years.
So I finally scraped it off.
No, listen.
You can do whatever you want today.
I know! Isn't it great? I'm finally doing my dream chores.
Give me that.
Scrape sticker off ceiling, fix that humming noise only I can hear, organize snack table by food jewishness Kenneth, this stuff isn't even your job.
That's why they're dream chores.
Look, if it was my last day on Earth I wouldn't be here, I'd be with Paula, admitting I'm in love with her twin sister.
Kenneth, we were just out on the Plaza, and four flaming horses rode by.
Reverend Gary says supergay horses are one of the signs of the apocalypse.
Exactly! The end is nigh.
You should raise your hopes up even higher than they are now.
I will.
I did! We have a problem, Liz Lemon.
I just remembered, I started a camp for underprivileged kids last summer.
We have to drive upstate to see if any of them are still alive.
That sounds like a Tracy problem, Tracy.
Okay, how about this? I'm changing my name.
From now on everyone has to address me as the gentleman formerly known as rectum.
 Pay attention to me, L.
L, or else I'm going to do something selfdestructive.
I just got an honorary sheriff's badge, and I'm going to start making real arrests.
 Great.
 I just realized, I haven't paid taxes in 30 years.
Oh, we're not doing the pretape tonight because I'm leaving at 6:00.
What's going on with you? Why are you acting so weird? I don't know what you're talking about.
You're not doing your job.
You're laughing at rectum jokes, you're leaving early.
Did we switch brains? Why am I not feeling your boobs? Baah! What is happening!? Jenna.
We need to talk about Kidz.
Did you see last night's ratings? The only show I've ever been on that got a 10.
2 was when Mickey Rourke threw me onto the field during the super bowl.
Obviously I'm thrilled about the show's success, but I wanted to talk to you about youronscreen persona.
 I had an idea  B.
B.
Gun.
Actually, I think the mean thing may have run its course.
What if you went the other way, and you were nice to the kids? Well, no.
I mean, being the nice one is McEnroe’s thing.
Ah, yes, well, we've done some focus testing, and frankly I haven't seen such a unanimously negative response since the Frasier spinoff, hey, Roz.
Jenna, they hate you.
No, Jack.
They love to hate me.
Kidz is minting money for both of us.
And what's more important than money? Well, perhaps we could make even more money by pretending to be nice.
I mean, look at Betty White.
End of discussion.
Just ease off on the kids.
Look, according to Tracy, people are switching minds around here.
That's obviously what's happened.
So whoever you are, show me Jack's penis.
That's for you.
Damn, I've got to get more of these.
I don't know what this is, but I like it.
Ha, finally.
After 6 years, I've cheered up miss Lemon.
That was on your list? I'm not always in a bad mood.
And I happen to be in a really good place right now.
Well, enjoy it while you can, because tomorrow, you're going to women's hell.
Uh, also, FYI, women's hell is the same as aroused dog heaven.
Kenneth.
Why are you still here? This is your last day on Earth.
There's so much you haven't done.
Oh, sir, I've done plenty.
Oh, really? Have you ever been in love? Only while playing tennis.
I'm kidding.
I've never played tennis.
Have you ever been in an airplane? Well, does falling off a bridge in a horse cart count? Have you ever stood on a beach and watched the sun rise? Sir, I've never even seen the ocean.
Never? Kenneth, that's insane.
We were all put on this crazy blue marble for a reason  To love, and live.
 What is going on with you? Everyone's talking about how weird you're acting.
 What are you on?  You know what? I have seen the ocean on a can of tuna.
Newsflash, Kenneth! Everybody get down! It's not going to happen.
The world's not ending.
Oh, the rapture is happening, sir.
Mr.
Rossitano said he saw the snakes making peace with the mice.
You're like a child.
He's messing with you.
And you know what? In the words of my father, you deserve to be disappointed.
Merry Christmas.
 Can I talk to you, Jennifer? Tracy, how do nice people dress? Socks on their hands, no belt, roller skates.
Do you think Liz Lemon has been acting weird lately? She's hiding something from us.
Like what? A present? For me? Can I return it for cash? No, this is bigger than that.
Something like a sexchange operation or a secret pregnancy or a radioactive spider bite.
I've got to get her focus back on me, or who knows the dumb stuff I'm going to start doing? Is that why you're not wearing pants right now? Yes! I'm actually glad this happened.
You're proving my point.
Look, if you think something's going on with Liz, just follow her.
Steal her mail, go through her trash.
That's what Paul and I do to maintain intimacy when he's having his period.
Thanks JMo.
Great advice.
Breathtaking.
You're the wind beneath my wings.
 Brock  Ilike what you did.
That was good singing.
You don't have a little rat face, you opposite of a turd with eyes.
Why are you messing with perfection, Jack? You need to remember that reality television is formulaic before you get us canceled.
Because I will not go back to putting hair extensions on dogs.
Easy, d'Fwan.
Yeah, we have a problem, but we're going to get through it, 'cause we're family.
It's not working.
You're ruining the show.
You think I don't know that it's not working, Jenna.
Next week JayZ was going to do a duet with one of the spinning chairs from the Voice, and the chair just pulled out.
You're off the leash, Jenna.
Did you see what happened here? We turned an argument into an opportunity to become better friends.
Aw.
I'll see you in heaven, Mr.
Jordan.
Ken, I only have room in my brain for one problem, so I'm not really absorbing what you're saying.
I have to go through Liz Lemon's trash before she gets in.
You're at work before miss Lemon? Now, that's a sign of the apocalypse.
Time to die.
You know what Emma? That was pretty good.
You were trying to get me to commit suicide, right? Liddy, thank you for coming in.
I know you have to read your books with sleepy bear in half an hour, so I'll make this brief.
You're almost one now, and you have to understand the way the world works.
Now, I don't know if you've seen America's kidz got singing, but it's a hit.
Variety called it Boffo, and they don't throw that word around lightly.
However, there are large portions of the show that feature Jenna insulting children not much older than yourself.
I know what you're thinking Do you really care about the bottom line more than the feelings of helpless innocents? That's cruel.
 Well, guess what Liddy.
Life is cruel.
Sometimes in business, there's collateral damage.
And if you think I'm going to turn my back on a 10.
2/4.
2 in the demo just because I feel bad Just because those kids had the same scared look on their faces that you had when that dog got too close to your stroller in the park.
And yes, being a parent is like wearing your heart outside your body.
And I don't want you to know that the world is really a scary, disappointing place.
You shouldn't have to know that, not yet.
Oh, God.
I have to cancel the show.
What are you doing, Liddy? Are you touching my hand becauseyou're a baby and you're developing your fine motor skills? Or are you trying to tell me something? What are you trying to tell me? Mommy.
Did you say money? Is that your first word money? Mommy.
 Yes, money.
Are you telling me that money's more important than doing what's right? That I should keep on doing the show? I want mommy.
I want money too! Oh, thank you, Liddy.
Thank you for convincing me to do the right thing.
Aw.
Hey, think how disappointed I am.
I mean, I'm the I'm the one who had to nudebaptize all those teens.
Hey, buddy.
Are you here to make fun of me, sir? Well go ahead, make fun of the superhandsome guy who believed too much.
I don't want to make fun of you.
I know you're disappointed.
I just wish I had a magic wand  to make it all gah!  Ah, Kenneth, it's all real.
The beast is here.
Aah! Redire ad abyssum! Princeps tenebrarum! Ow! It's me, Lutz.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Stop.
Toofer.
Frank.
Get out here.
You three are in a timeout.
Everybody in the van! Liz Lemon is a crack whore.
Probably not, but continue.
It's the only explanation.
She's on a ho stroll to pay for her drug habit.
I followed her last night, J.
D.
She went down to Penn Station.
And not the fun stationery store up on the Upper East Side.
The skeezy one with trains.
Well, there has to be some other explanation.
Are you sure it was Liz Lemon and not present day Sally Field? I know it's crazy.
But ever since we got back from Kwanzaa She's been acting all weird.
All relaxed and not angry.
Well, it has been two days, and she hasn't once stormed in here carping about how all the destructive hurricanes get female names.
But it can't be drugs.
Then how come I found this in her trash? Oh, Tracy, this is dexoprex.
My mother takes it for joint pain.
Her wrist was starting to bother her from slapping busboys.
So it's not the Bandito Blanco? A name for cocaine I just made up? I know Liz Lemon better than she knows herself.
Why would she need joint pain medication? And why would she be meeting people down by Tracy.
What building is right next to Penn Station? The Manhattan center for penis enlargement? I know because my friend goes there.
His name is Tracy.
Madison Square Garden.
Did you know that Lemon attended college on a partial jazz dance scholarship? And do you know what event was held last night at Madison Square Garden? A crack whore convention? No.
Worse.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the WNBA's most popular dance team, the Timeless Torches.
 Oh, God! So much grapevining! It's so beautiful.
A mermaid! Dude, those are diapers.
So that's why you've been so happy and distracted lately.
The joy of movement, exercise, with your torch card.
And who figured the whole thing out? The man who knows me better than I know myself.
Pull over here, please.
This is me.
Ah, going to the movies.
You're going alone, to the 9:10 showing of Garry Marshall's New Year's Eve.
You've waited five weeks to see it, to make sure that you wouldn't contribute to it being the number one movie in America.
You'll say you're seeing it ironically, and yet you'll tear up when Ashton Kutcher  kisses Lea Michele.
 You know me.
I love it when the swarthy girl gets the guy.
A disgusting disappointment.
My name is Bob.
I'm 61 years old.
My favorite move is the shoulder shake.
My name is Joyce.
I'm 63 years young.
My favorite move is the Dougie.
I'm Liz.
I'm 39, for the third time, and my favorite move is sunset arms.
Hi, I'm Lewis.
I'm a grandfather from the Dominican Republic, and my favorite move is the lift.
Sorry, Lewis.
Nice try, Liz.
Dance like nobody's watchin'!


Idiots Are People Two!
Liz, there's something wrong with Pete.
Oh, my God, is he dead? I I don't know what happened.
Kenneth, I need a light bulb replaced in my dressing room.
Easy as pie, Ms.
Maroney.
What could go wrong? Why would I even say that? Hey, whatever happened to TiVo? Remember, you used to fastforward, it'd make that sound? Boopboop, boopboop.
Yeah.
Yeah, then it'd be all like, bungbung.
 Boopboop, boopboop.
 Bungbung, bungbung.
 Bungbung, bungbung.
 Boopboop, boopboop.
Boopboop, boopboop.
What's this? It's Terry, the genderneutral doll I had when I was a kid.
And he/she has his/her baseball glove and baby.
And both sets of genitals! That was hard to track down.
Today, almost all of them are in police evidence lockers.
So, happy threemonth anniversary, and happy twoweek anniversary of you going to the bathroom when I'm here.
You shouldn't be buying me gifts.
You should be saving for your business.
Oh, I think remembering our anniversary is going to get me some business.
Aww, yeah! There's a whole other hand where that came from, big boy.
Not my best.
Hey, listen, why don't you go in late today, okay? I'll make pancakes with M&Ms in them.
Fine, I'll stay! Gyah.
All right.
Do you want a smiley face? German flag, please.
Jordan's comments have angered gayrights groups and are likely annoying his coworkers who thought they'd linger over breakfast this morning, perhaps with a new lover.
Wow, that is some detailed reporting, curry.
When I say NBC, you say Over it!  NBC!  Over it!  NBC!  Over it! Word.
Ugh, look at that old bag from TGS.
Okay, I am a human being, sir.
Oh, you mean my tote bag.
Yes, I need a new one.
Look, I'm sorry about Tracy.
He really is a good person.
Do you think I'm pulling this hat off? No.
 From the top!  Over it! Oh, my God, there you are.
We're losing sponsors, Liz.
Did you know that snuggles the fabric softener bear is gay? He's dating the charmin cub.
I thought they were babies.
Unbelievable.
Tracy, do you know how many of your hardworking and dedicated coworkers are gay? Him.
Him.
Her when she's drunk.
I genuinely don't know.
That one's a puzzler.
And why did you have to offend the gay community? It is the most organized of all the communities.
They make the Japanese look like the greeks.
How is what I said offensive, and that's not? Because no one heard me say it.
Look, I need to know what we're apologizing for, Tray.
What did you say? Being gay is stupid.
If you want to see a penis, take off your pants.
If I got turned into a gay, I'd sit around all day and look at my own junk.
Oh, my God.
First of all, if you got turned into a gay? Do you think the people of Raleigh, North Carolina turned Clay Aiken gay? Why not? The Bronx turned me dyslexic.
Look, you're a public figure, and believe it or not, the dumb things you say may influence or hurt people.
You need to apologize.
I already called Glad, Liz Lemon.
Thank you for calling Glad, stronger trash bags with less plastic.
This is Diane.
How may I help you? Hey Diane, it's Tracy Jordan.
Sorry about what I said.
 Well, okeydokey.
That's the wrong glad, Tracy.
Whatever.
I'm tired of apologizing all the time for just being myself.
Remember when I offended stubborn people? That took forever to sort out.
Well, Tracy, I know you don't want me writing an apology for you.
That's terrific, thank you.
Aww.
Lemon.
I'm on top of the Tracy thing.
I just spoke to him Actually, I want to talk to you about something else.
Because of my unfortunate situation with Avery, I'm alone.
And I know, of course, that you're not seeing anyone, therefore I've decided that you and I should become friends with benefits.
No, thank you, please.
Aha! The only reason you would reject that offer is if you had a secret boyfriend.
Right, that's the only reason.
I saw you, Lemon.
At the movies, last night, with your mouth on a man.
Why would you keep this from me after all of our time together? This is hurtful, Elizabeth.
What's his name? I don't want to tell you.
Why? Is it a stupid name, like Dakota or Barack? His name is Chris, and I'm sorry, but for my own reasons And Chris is spelled? No h and two ss.
That! Right there, that's why I didn't want to tell you, because I knew you wouldn't approve of him.
Why? What does he do for a living? Criss is trying to You can stop right there.
He's an entrepreneur.
He's currently meeting with investors in the hopes of starting an organic gourmet hot dog truck.
Lemon, I have said good God to you before, but I don't think I've ever meant it until now.
Good God! Where does this person live?  Don't worry about it.
 How bad can it be? Jersey city? His parents' apartment? It's not a walkup, is it? He's actually been living with me for the past month.
Ah.
No, I am not engaging, I am not inviting input, Jack, because Criss is different.
How is he different? Well, that's just a stupid question.
I mean, I'm more relaxed around him.
My jaw stopped popping.
Listen.
And for once I'm not overthinking everything, which is why I don't want you in my head.
Ah, but I'm already in your head, Lemon.
The fact that you felt you had to keep Chris, and I'm saying his name with an h and only one s, the fact that you kept him from me simply proves that it doesn't matter whether I meet him or not.
You already know what I would say, and you know I'm right.
I'm ignoring you.
You're not here.
 Who's not here, Liz?  I don't know, Liz.
 I love you.
 Oh, I love you too.
So I might as well meet him and get it over with.
I'll probably love him.
After all, we're both Princeton men.
Princeton? No, Criss went to no! I am on to you.
I am not going to talk about him.
You can't keep me out.
Oh, Ms.
Maroney.
I'm afraid I have bad news.
 Jenny McCarthy died? But who could have been slowly poisoning her? Was she poisoned? I have no way of knowing, because I'm just hearing about it.
No, ma'am, I spoke to maintenance about replacing the light bulbs in your room, but Mr.
Subhas is refusing to do any work for TGS until Mr.
Jordan issues an apology for his remarks.
He also said that he thinks, quote, sexuality is a continuum, and he is but a voyager on a vast ocean of pleasure.
 This is unacceptable, Kenneth.
Do you understand how important proper lighting is to an actress? Especially now that I'm officially a Blist celebrity, thanks to America's kids got singing.
Oh, congratulations, Ms.
Maroney.
I just found out this morning, Teri Polo and Ving Rhames called me at home.
So what if a tour came by and some Fanny pack fatty took a picture of me in my poorlylit dressing room? And then they put the picture on the Internet? That can't happen.
I need my special, pinkgel fluorescents, and I need them now.
But only maintenance is allowed in the supply room.
Kenneth, do this for me, someone I hope you consider a friend, and who in return thinks of you as sort of an albino slavemonkey.
Aw, you think of me? Mmhmm.
But I don't have a key.
You think we need a key? I guess someone's never been locked in a dog crate and thrown overboard for displeasing the sheikh.
A statement from TGS head writer Elizabeth Lemon, adding I gotta get a real headshot.
In other news, after lots of high financial And now, I am headed home for a nooner, which is what I call having pancakes for lunch.
Liz Lemon, did you just call me an idiot on this TV? Yeah, but And what exactly is that supposed to mean? It means you're someone who should know better, but you constantly do stupid things.
How dare you! I am nonplussed, and that is the correct usage.
You have offended and humiliated me.
Well, maybe now you know how gay people felt when you suggested that they sit around all day and look at their own junk.
Wait.
Why don't they do that? Okay, you're right, L.
L.
I do get how they felt.
Insulted, marginalized, and outraged.
Which is why I'm going to do exactly what they did and organize a protest of this network.
A protest? By whom? By idiots! What an idiot.
All right, I'm out.
I've been dealing with Tracy all morning, and clearly this is only going to get worse.
Time to go into Hornberger crisis mode.
Is that when you cry on the floor in your office? Nope, I do that when I see myself in the mirror on my birthday.
Crisis mode is when I down a couple of sleeping pills with scotch, pass out in my secret napping place, and hope I dream about that latina security guard.
The one you always kiss on the mouth.
That's normal in Guatemala.
Oh.
Picking a lock is like riding a bike.
They're both skills you need to escape the Atlanta Falcons' equipment room.
Hurry, Ms.
Maroney.
If Mr.
Subhas finds us in here, I don't even know what he'll say, because I can't understand him.
There! My pink fluorescents.
They're the same lights poultry farms use to keep the birds from pecking each other to death.
Are you as turned on as I am right now? Oh, we have to clean this up.
Fluorescent lights contain Mercury.
 That's poisonous.
I'm well aware of that, Kenneth.
I faked Mercury poisoning to get out of my contract   The musical.
If broken, remove all people and pets from the room? Why? Are there fumes? Are we breathing Mercury fumes right now? Kenneth.
I'm going to tell you what I told Phil Spector.
It's gonna be okay, baby.
We just have to get some trash bags and get back here before anyone's the wiser.
Then we can keep recording my album.
 Oh, come on, Subhas.
Got to keep daddy's special sleepyplace clean.
Hey, so check this out.
I think I saw Billy Dee Williams in riverside park this morning when I was meeting dogs.
Now that seems like a good use of time for a busy entrepreneur.
Hello, Lemon.
Chew with your mouth closed.
So, question about Lando Calrissian Is that an Armenian name? Is he a space Armenian? I don't know.
The Kardashians are Armenian, they're into black guys, so there's something to it I like how his voice goes up at the ends of sentences.
That's very masculine.
Oh, my.
Is that a tan line on Criss' thumb? Did Criss used to wear a thumb ring? Oh, better hold on to this one.
He's getting a free muffin soon.
Wow, I've never seen a sunglass hut credit card before.
Oh, a ukulele with an Obama sticker on it.
Hmm.
this guy might suck That was a gift from Criss' kickball team.
Well, I think I've seen enough.
Which totally supports your theory that the phillie phanatic is biologically a female.
Oh, yeah, if you watch those games, that thing definitely has a menstrual cycle.
 Right?  You gonna put on pants today? Eh.
I'm in your head.
We're here, we're proud, I came up with this rhyme! You brought this on yourself, Liz Lemon.
The socalled idiot community will not be silenced.
For God's sake, Tracy.
We are legion.
We are America.
Frat guys, DJs, loudmouthed old bitches, investment bankers, the trampstamped, parrotheads, antivaccination crusaders, and people who won't shut up about scuba diving.
It's a whole other world down there.
And our celebrity spokesperson, actress Denise Richards.
That's right.
I'm an idiot.
Surprised? Well, I am.
For all intensive purposes.
 Our community is mobilized now, L.
L.
And we're not leaving until we're heard.
You can't ignore us, Liz Lemon.
We will be out here every day, misremembering movie quotes.
Because as Braveheart said, you can take our freedom, unless you take our lives.
 Say you approve of Criss, Jack.
Am I in your head, Lemon? Yes, but don't be so proud.
I also have a lot of imaginary arguments with the couples on house hunters.
Why can't people look past paint color? Lemon, obviously I can't approve of someone I've never met.
Yeah, well, I'm not letting you meet Criss, because you won't approve of him.
Well, then I guess this is a catch22.
Although I don't know for sure, because I refuse to read literature that questions the morality of war.
Look, clearly I hurt your feelings.
You're upset that I didn't tell you about Criss.
No, no, no, I'm quite over your subterfuge, although I do expect a note of apology.
And don't try to make it funny.
Just apologize.
But I feel like people expect comedy They don't.
It's exhausting.
However, you're right that I am having an emotional reaction.
It's very frustrating to watch someone I care about do something she clearly knows is bad for her, like that week you wore those blue contact lenses.
I looked like Adriana Lima.
And you don't know that Criss is bad for me, and you never will.
So you better get on board the Criss train.
Crissa, Criss, Criss, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Crissa, Criss train! Do you have any water? You know what, Lemon? Fine.
You are technically an adult.
You can do whatever you want.
Really? So I won? With the train thing? I won't ask any questions about Criss again.
You promise? Promise.
With two ss.
I would, however, like to ask you why Tracy is outside cursing this network on a megaphone.
It's a good one, Jack.
Tracy has organized a protest of NBC by his fellow idiots.
He what? No, no, no, no, no.
We need idiots.
You certainly need idiots.
Who do you think is watching your show? Funky tastemakers? Black nerds, jet blue passengers who fall asleep with the TV on, pets whose owners have died, and, uh, idiots.
You need to fix this.
I don't know what to say to those people.
You wrote remember to DVR Kendra on your hand.
I think you can handle it.
Ah, no, damn it.
Now I gotta pray for a marathon.
Jiminy Cricket, copyright Walt Disney company, 1940! Mr.
Hornberger? Sir? Pete! It's Jenna! The woman you're in love with! What's wrong with him? Is this because of the Mercury? What does the box say? For a complete catalog of our lighting products, visit our website.
 We need a computer.
Poor Mr.
Hornberger.
He came in here to do something for the show, something important, and now look what we've done.
What you've done.
You broke the lights.
We have to get help.
Are you out of your mind? We need to call security, and an ambulance.
Think, you fool.
Imagine what the Internet would do with this.
Maroney found in closet with unconscious married man and inbred virgin.
 Again? No way.
I have too much to lose now.
I am this close to becoming the spokeswoman for the vaginal mesh industry.
Vaginal mesh.
Nice try, prolapse.
Now, if you want to take the fall for this, be my guest.
But I can't be connected to it in any way.
Take what fall? Oh, please.
You said it yourself how many rules we've broken.
B and E, theft and destruction of company property.
And who knows what we've done to Pete.
If anyone connects you to this I'll get fired.
They'd kick me out of the page program faster than a fella can come up with folksy similes.
No one can know this was our fault.
But we have to help Mr.
Hornberger.
What do we do? I don't know.
But I know someone who does.
Talk to me.
I'm on my way.
Any idea what bus I take to get there? 'Cause I'm in Chinatown, baby.
Hi, this is Tracy's cell phone.
Dot com, hold the steering wheel.
I've got to leave my outgoing message.
What did I just hit? Was that a person? Is that paint or blood? Dot com, this did not happen.
We take this to our graves! Tracy, uh, this is Liz.
Please call my office.
My extension, as you have pointed out, spells anus with an I.
 Hey, what's up?  What time you coming home? Because I'm taking you out to dinner What? I called sunglass hut and got my credit limit raised to $80, plus, they told me I only needed to get free lens wipes, and I haven't even gotten to the good news yet.
That's all awesome.
What happened? I got an investor for the truck.
I went over my whole business plan, guy gave me ten grand.
Oh, my God.
Okay, if you got it in cash, we can spread the money out on the bed and kiss on top of it.
But nothing more.
And I have a cold sore.
Damn it.
No, it's a check.
But look at it.
It's beautiful.
It's him.
Not cool.
Who's that man behind the curtain His kiss will make you certain of the one name you'll be blurtin' during lovemaking Kelsey, Kelsey one touch and you're not caring how much you paid repairing that China hutch that you kicked down the stairs during lovemaking thanks to Kelsey, his name is Kelsey his friends call him Kelsey or sometimes just Kels his name is Kelsey, he's very wealthy he doesn't have to be doing this Kelsey.

Say you approve of Criss.
I'm in your head.
Why did you have to offend the gay community? Did you just call me an idiot on this TV? Tracy has organized a protest of NBC by his fellow idiots.
Mr.
Hornberger?  What do we do?  I don't know.
But I know someone who does.
Talk to me.
They're still mad? We sent Elton and David a honeybaked ham.
What more do they want? I'm joined now by one gay rights advocate who isn't sure Jordan and NBC have learned their lesson.
Devin Banks, welcome.
Thank you, Dallas.
I have seen you since Michael Kors' new year's Eve masquerade.
Uh, I don't know what you're talking about.
Right.
Let's dive in.
Banks.
Hey, try this.
New recipe.
We have to talk.
How fresh is that dog? Yesterday, that was the face, feet and colon of a pig.
I'm so fired up, Liz.
I got some cash now.
I can finally make a down payment on a real food truck.
Yeah, the van's not great.
All right, kids.
Who wants some? Get in my van.
Is there a problem, officer? But you can't take that money.
What, why not? Because the guy who wrote you the check He's my boss and he doesn't really care about the hot dog truck or locally sourced pig sweepings.
He just needed an excuse to meet you.
Wait a minute, you know Jack? Why would he want to pay $10,000 to meet me? Because I didn't want him to meet you.
He inserts himself into my business whether I want him to or not and now he's inserting himself into this.
Well, that's what she said, but Why wouldn't you want him to meet me? You're embarrassed of me? No, it's not me, it's him.
I didn't want him to lecture me about how you don't have a job and your name is spelled wrong and you went to Wesleyan.
Wesleyan is the Harvard of central Connecticut.
Yale is the Harvard of central Connecticut.
Had that locked and loaded, didn't you? Well, you know what? This isn't a Jack problem.
I think this is a Liz problem.
Because you wouldn't care what he thought unless you agreed with him.
Like you're so perfect.
Let's not do this.
You don't say cholesterol correctly.
Chloresterole.
 You're a 41 year old woman who cheats at board games.
You don't use the tab closures on cereal boxes.
If you think those are doing anything to seal in freshness, you are living in a fantasy world, pal.
Forget it.
This was a good day, Liz.
I'm gonna be in the park meditating.
What would Jack say about that? He'd say, good God, Lemon.
 Locked and loaded.
Good God, Lemon.
Ep 03  Idiots Are People Three I'll have you know the last man who wore jeans in this office was named Theodore Wrangler.
And you, Banks, could not even carry his trademark, floorlength, suede cape.
I was wondering when I'd hear from you, Jack.
Do you know what comes up on my phone when you call? Where did you get that? The only copy of that photograph is in Stephanie Seymour's safety deposit box.
You have bigger things to worry about, Jack.
See, I've got you right where I want you.
Really? You think you have leverage here? The news cycle is done with Tracy.
They've moved on to a story about teenagers huffing other teenagers.
Tracy's apologies have been accepted by GLAAD and I don't even know what organization you're here representing.
We're new, we're called PEEN.
And what is that an acronym for? Acronym? Okay, you've succeeded in annoying me and wasting my time.
But your 15 minutes is up.
Andyou've got nothing.
Really? Nothing? See that little Tracy Jordan gem that I leaked last night was just the tip of the iceberg, Jack.
And NBC is the Titanic.
The highest grossing movie of all time! The boat, not the movie, the boat! See, I've been following Tracy's standup act for months now and if any of this gets out, every protected group in America's gonna be picketing this network.
Enjoy.
Good God.
Oh, is this one about how asians act on the subway? I know, I almost threw up the first time I heard it.
Oh, this one's fun.
Starts out as a joke about our first Mexican President.
My Lord.
And ends up as just a rant against women.
Oh No one can ever listen to this.
Then she had teeth down there! What do you want, money? A job? This isn't a business play, Jack.
I mean, what's the point.
After going head to head with you for the last five years, I've ended up as a house husband in Brooklyn.
You won, Jack.
So what are you saying? I've given up trying to beat you in the board room.
But there are still things I can make you do.
All right, you can watch me shower, but no touching.
No touching just makes it hotter.
No, I'm after bigger game than you.
See you're a very influential man, Donaghy.
You can pull strings in the kind of venerable institutions that still reject creeps like me.
I want you to get my triplets into preschool At St.
Matthew's.
Banks, that's impossible.
Just last year, they rejected one of St.
Matthew's actual descendents.
I know.
I head that during her interview she turned the class hamster into a dove.
Good luck.
Pick up the Mercury with the tape, bag it, then seal the bags.
We'll drive everything out to the meadowlands and roll the car into a swamp.
We should take two cars.
You didn't tell me he was alive! Well of course he is.
Pete's our friend, Kelsey.
Damn it! No names! We don't want him to die.
But more importantly, we don't want to be blamed for what's happened to him.
It's been five hours since he's pressed an elevator button.
His office is on this floor, isn't it? Yes, but to get him there, you have to go through the backstage and the backstage is full of people.
We need a distraction.
Something to clear the halls of TGS.
How much time will Kenneth and I have? How long is the show? I don't know.
I've never done it before, baby.
I will make a brief statement on behalf of the idiot community, then I will open the floor for questions.
Since its founding early this afternoon, the national association for zero intolerance, or Nazi  We should change that.
 It's fine.
We are outraged that the American bigot, Liz Lemon, has made no effort to reach out to us.
Tracy, are you kidding me? I have been calling your cell all day.
My ringtone is the chicken dance.
If I answer it, I won't hear the whole song! I have to go talk to Jack right now.
Wait for me in my office.
Is there anything you would like to add? These microphones look like black ice cream cones.
Thank you all for coming out.
Jack, I am giving you your money back.
You can't tear up my checks, Criss.
They're printed on Nixon's old bed sheets.
Look, I don't understand your relationship with Liz.
She's my subordifriend.
Well, she's my girlfriend and I'm not gonna let you get in between us.
It's a little late for that.
You're not going to want to hear this, but I am officially disapproving of you.
Well, I'm sorry, but I really don't care what you think.
That's really not how things work around here, Criss.
Damn it, Criss, stop talking to him, it's a trap! You said I won.
You said you wouldn't ask any more questions about Criss.
I said I wouldn't ask you any more questions.
Semantics! You had no right to come to my home to trick Criss to rearrange my bathroom.
 For the better.
 Yes.
The basket of shells was a nice touch.
But, I'm afraid I have bad news.
I just told Criss that I am officially disapproving.
 Oh, no.
 Who cares? Of course, you're free to make your own decisions, Lemon.
You can either pretend that you and I are not in agreement and continue this, uh charade.
Or you can part ways with Criss now and go and find someone who will truly make you happy.
I'm sorry, is this guy breaking up with me? Of course, you and Criss can still be friends.
Okay, Liz, I guess you got a choice to make.
You can listen to Jack, we can call it quits and I go back to sleeping on the floor of my Uncle's mattress store, or You don't understand.
He's in my head.
Okay, forget Jack.
What does Liz think, hmm? What do you want? Do you want to be with me or not? Don't look at me, ask her.
I don't know, Liz.
It's gonna go wrong eventually, right? I mean, I like him, but, what are we doing here? Really? This is how you see yourself? Of course I pick you, Criss.
If you would just address some of the issues that we as a group have been talking about.
Unbelievable.
Well, I have to go get a bunch of gaybies into preschool before we all get sued, so, uh Well done, Lemon.
So, then he says Tiff down there Good one, Jack.
I'll tell you, friendship is the one kind of ship that never sinks.
Douglas, so good to see you.
Uh, do you know my friend, Devin Banks? A friend of Donaghy's, eh? I'll watch my wallet.
Yes, yes, very good, Douglas.
Very funny.
So now we're all good friends and good friends do favors for each other.
Is that a St.
Matthew's tie? I didn't know you went there.
Not only did I go there, I happen to be President of the board.
Although, during my financial report I may be President of the bored.
St.
Matthew's is such a wonderful school.
We were just talking about that.
In fact, Devin's triplets are applying to St.
Matthew's right now.
I see Splendid.
On a totally unrelated topic, did you know that I'm also on the board of the Manhattan hospital for rich whites and assimilated Jews? I did not know that.
Unfortunately, shortly before Don Geiss died, the Geiss foundation made a sizeable pledge to the hospital.
A pledge which, sadly, has not been fulfilled.
What a coincidence because Devin and I happen to know the new chair of the Geiss foundation quite well.
That is a coincidence.
Kathy, are you ready to come out now? There she is.
Hey, you.
Hey, funny.
Kathy, I know this is a lot to take in but, your father made a promise to my friend, so, what can we do to get that check right now? And that's why I'm so thrilled to introduce NBC's new mascot, Magellica the Unicorn.
It's wondrous.
Indeed.
Back to you, Thomas.
Okaywe now return to our coverage of that train derailment in California.
And idiots can do anything we put our minds to.
I played a nucular psychiatrist in a James Bong movie.
Look, what do I need to do to make this go away? I want you to call my phone so I can hear the chicken dance again.
And I want the video for my new single to play on TGS this week.
La piscine j'adore la piscine towels sunscreen bathing suits diving boards and towels those ladders towels Can you make it We're short this week.
I'll try to cut it down.
But above all, we want you to recognize who we are as a community.
Idiots aren't just strippers or stay at home moms.
Idiots are all around us.
I couldn't find a Lincoln hat so I grabbed this chimney sweep hat instead.
If anyone notices We're dead.
So it would mean a lot if you apologized publically, Liz Lemon.
Let the healing begin.
And since you wrote my apology, we went on ahead and wrote yours.
Careful.
Careful.
Who designed your bathroom? It's exquisite.
I did, you son of a bitch.
I'm excellent at rearranging bathrooms.
Now get out of here, you got what you wanted.
I just wanted to say thank you, Jack.
Very impressive.
Can't imagine that your boss, Hank Cooper, was all that happy about the logo change.
Eh, we'll see.
Our new slogan, NBC, we have a magical horse? Is testing, uhOkay.
Oh, I also wanted to say that I was lying when I said that this wasn't a business play.
Banks, you're out of the game.
That's true.
And I've admitted defeat.
For our generation.
But for the next generation? Well, thanks to you, the Banks boys are way ahead.
All the favors that you called in, you would have used next year for little lippy.
Liddy.
Is that even a name? In Brooklyn, I know, like, six lippys Doesn't matter.
You just mortgaged your daughter's future to get out of a little jam at work.
My mommy and me group would really judge your parenting.
Especially lippy's mother.
Which lippy? Lippy D.
Oh, God, Liddy might have to go to public school.
See you in 30 years, Jack.
I wonder what Liddy will be doing with her degree from suny.
Don't even say it.
Oneonta.
You, jacket.
Well, hello there, welcome to the White House.
Four score and seven years ago What's with that hat? Oh, I think it looks very authentic.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Mary Todd, you say? Wha what's happening? Shh, Pete, don't talk.
Wassup?! Yeah, baby! I'm here today to apologize for my earlier comments.
I used an offensive term to describe a group of people who made America the great continent that it is today.
Yeah! These kickass people have given the world countless bodacious things like the birther movement, intelligent design Water parks no, I will not endorse water parks.
They are a cesspool of disease and people boo you when you walk back down the stairs.
You know what you people have given the world? Girls gone wild.
The Golden Globes, cans that tell you how cold beer is, Florida, bratz dolls.
Oh, I get it.
She's naming awesome things.
No, listen to me.
Because of you, there may be an entouragemovie.
Hug it off, ma'am! Turtle, turtle, turtle! You know what, I give up.
You should know better, but no.
You're just gonna keep on riding motorcycles, having unprotected sex and voting against free health care.
You will make the same selfdestructive decisions over and over and you will never really be happy.
And your jaw will hurt all the time.
Oh, look at you.
Perfect little weiner dog, you just need a little mustard on you like that.
And a little bun, just boop, like that.
No one will make you deutschepancakes, or welcome you home smelling of hot dog water and onion, or let you break out of jail when you play monopoly.
Oh, my God, I'm such an idiot.
Wanna make out? No, thank you.
Hot crowd, hot crowd.
We've only got a minute before I have to get back out there.
Act two is a play within a play.
It's funny, in school all you learn about Abraham Lincoln is that he was a gay alcoholic.
Grab his feet.
Kelsey Gram Shh, shh, shh.
There, there, there you go.
Okay, okay.
I've gotta get back into character.
Hit me in the face! What I forgot to press a floor again.
Hey, what's up, Jackie d? In a lot of ways, you and I had similar upbringings.
Terrible schools, broken homes Thinking basketball was the ticket out.
Being wrong.
At some point, our paths diverged.
I went on to Princeton, business school, ge and beyond.
And look at me.
I spent all day creating a movement just to get back at Liz Lemon.
I said creating a movement.
The point is that excellence can come from anywhere.
It's the same with stupidity.
In this country, anyone could be the next Jack Donaghy or the next Denise Richards.
This room Is moving.
Oh, God.
Banks.
What are you still doing here? Well, my husband was supposed to pick me up at 6:00 but he can be such an idiot.
I'm sure he can.
Where did you go to school, Devin? I had the best education in the world.
Private kindergarten where I got straight check marks.
Experimental boarding school in carmel where the students teach the teachers, and the teachers teach animals.
Year abroad on an allmale catamaran.
Then on to Northwestern where I majored in confidence.
I had every educational advantage, Jack.
Just like my children will.
But I beat you.
What? I beat you.
I came from nothing.
But I caught up and I crushed you.
Just like Liddy's gonna crush your sons.
She's already sorting objects by shape and color.
At 11 months, I don't think so.
She can count to ten if you say seven for her.
She gets five and nine?  She can save five words.
 So.
In mandarin.
They've put her with the toddlers at her singing and clapping class at fun factory.
She's in Orange group? She's already out of the piaget sensorimotor stage.
That's impossible.
She scored a 62 on the object permanence matrix.
But that's an adult score.
And did I mention She's using the potty.
Surely just for weewee.
No.
See you in 30 years, Banks.
It's already, like, turning itself.
But I feel like I still have to turn it.
Oh, oh, my God, mustard just came out my nose.
Oh, it's burning the backs of my eyes.
All right, I gotta go back to work, bye.
Okay, all right.
Ah, it's burning my face now.
All right, I'm putting you on probationary approval.
Okay, I don't really care.
I'll tell you what changed my mind, Criss: a conversation I had with Tracy Jordan.
You see, greatness can come from anywhere.
So if a poor boy from Boston can become me, maybe you could become a suitable sex partner for Liz Lemon.
You've got three months.
But your opinion doesn't matter.
You have no say in this.
Liz, there's something wrong with Pete.
Oh, my God! I don't know what happened.
Pete, I have been out there putting out fires all day while you've been hiding in here doing this? You're disgusting.
No, no, I was I didn't I Kelsey Grammer! Kelsey Grammer did this to me.
Really, Pete? Kelsey Grammer made you do this while he was performing his one man show about Abraham Lincoln? Ugh.
Here's to another successful operation by The best friends gang.
Hang on.
I didn't notice before with all the excitement, but I look incredibly beautiful.
The lighting is back to normal.
Both switches need to be on, woman.
The bulb wasn't even broken? None of this was necessary.
I know I've been successfully assassinated.
But I have one last thing to tell my country.
Blackbeard's gold is buried in I am a ghost now, Leaving behind my earthly possessions.
And although I left my country divided by war, A civil war So that's where that name came from.
I know that future generations will forge a stronger country And that some day, America will be a place Where everybody knows your name.
