Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race We're throwing the gayest ball ever! I think that the dance element is not your comfort zone. To be honest, I was not being listened to. I don't think you stood up as a leader, though. You sort of explicitly trust Shea. Actually, no. I felt like Shea was stepping on my toes a little bit. It ain't RuPaul's Best Friend Race no more. Peppermint. Your unicorn, it was fun, but there was a little bagginess going on in the crotchal area. Alexis Michelle. I feel if we take the bow out of your head, I can get that outfit at Ricky's. Shea Coulee. It's like a street style model off duty meets couture. I hope we share the same size. You're the winner of this week's challenge. applause. Peppermint, shantay you stay. Alexis Michelle, sashay away. Ooh. Oh. Oh. Mimi ADADADADA! I listened to you and now you’ll listen to me for one HOT minute. This is my problem with it (?). Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race We're throwing the gayest ball ever! I think that the dance element is not your comfort zone. To be honest, I was not being listened to. I don't think you stood up as a leader, though. You sort of explicitly trust Shea. Actually, no. I felt like Shea was stepping on my toes a little bit. It ain't RuPaul's Best Friend Race no more. Peppermint. Your unicorn, it was fun, but there was a little bagginess going on in the crotchal area. Alexis Michelle. I feel if we take the bow out of your head, I can get that outfit at Ricky's. Shea Coulee. It's like a street style model off duty meets couture. I hope we share the same size. You're the winner of this week's challenge. applause. Peppermint, shantay you stay. Alexis Michelle, sashay away. Ooh. Oh. Oh. Mimi ADADADADA! I listened to you and now you’ll listen to me for one HOT minute. This is my problem with it (?). Alexis Act a fool, gurl. Mimi I’m he- looks up sharply Alexis Act a fool. Mimi We… are living in a world where people look at us like we’re freaks. Tammie screams like a man twice I’m acting. Mimi Why are we sitting here BULLYING each other? I think it’s highly inappropriate. All inaudible arguing Chad Everybody shut up. Mimi Fucking shenanigans. I did not sign up for this. Manila Well how did you not know what you were signing up for? You already did this gurl! Tammie makes odd noises WELL COME ON TELETUBBY! TELEPORT US TO MARS! Confessional Manila What the fuck? Is… is this bitch for real? Mimi I did not sign up for something… No. gets up Chad You started this shit… Tammie Change your costume Mimi! clapping Change your costume, change it around. Confessional Chad I was like, Mimi’s gonna turn over a new leaf, and then… guess who came back? The old Mimi. Mimi to Raven I just don’t think it’s appropriate to talk about shit that had nothing to do with anything that’s happened here. Raven Well guess what Mimi? We DID. You, Mimi Imfurst, MIMI IMFURST was number third in the voting? I could not believe it. Out of all- Mimi DO NOT ATTACK MY FANS, BITCH! Raven The shit I’ve seen? You don’t have that many. Manila OOP! Raven So out of FIFTY motherfucking bitches that have been in here, how did you manage that? Yara Because they need someone to go home first! All inaudible talking and laughter Mimi leaves Tammie You wanted crazy, well you got it now. Our heart is broken for our sister. Alexis really wanted to make it to the top of this competition. Unfortunately, I feel like this was her time. Wishes come true, not free. You're my sisters always. Alexis, we love you. We love you so much, girl. We love you, sis. It feels bad coming in the top four just having lip synched for my life. So whatever the next challenge is, I need to rock the shit out of it. Congratulations to Ms. Shea Coulee! I won four challenges now, so come on, Mama Ru. Tchtch. Hand it on over. I will say I thought this was gonna be my week 'cause I actually did have a rainbow look. Oh! all laugh. cough cough. Shea might have won this challenge, but I will get that crown. chuckles. We are the top four. Four! All right! Can I just say this is the top four that I really wished for? Bitch, please. Don't get me wrong. I love these other girls, but I want to make it in the top three. Somebody needs to go. It ain't me. Enough talking about it. Let's get done, honey. These girls are major and all of us are hungry for that crown, so I may have to resort to other means. I don't know what that means. laughs. That sounds shady. It did. car engine starts. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a oneyear supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and cash prize of $100,000. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Lala, lala exhales. We're skipping, we're skipping, we're skipping, we're skipping, we're skipping. Looks like we have a sickening top four. I'm really excited about it. How do you all feel going into this final challenge? Aah! Yeah, me, too. Can we all do Peppermint's scream together? Yes. One, two, three. all scream. laughs. Hello, hello, hello. Oh! Oh! Yes! Condragulations. Final Four. cheers and applause. This is your last chance to prove to RuPaul that you're top three material. To help you stretch your charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent, you'll be working with the incredible Todrick Hall. gasps and cheers. He's back. cheering. And he's not pussyfooting around. First, each of you needs to write and record an original verse for the sickening Season 9 remix of RuPaul's Category Is. cheers and laughter. Then you'll put on your dancing shoes and learn some killer choreography. Ooh. Ooh. And tomorrow on the main stage you'll be making your allsinging, alldancing Category Is world debut. Wow. But you'll have one more shot to really impress Mama Ru when you guest on her critically acclaimed podcast, RuPaul, What's The Tee? with Michelle Visage. cheering. Get it? RU? Ru. Oh! Oh! Yeah. As we've seen this season, anything can happen, so don't fuck it up. Byezee. Bye. Bye. Oh. Has anyone done this before? I actually have an album out on iTunes. Whoo. What are you ladies thinking of doing? Singing or rapping or, like, spoken word? I think I'm gonna rap. Mine is definitely spoken word. I don't know how to rap. laughs. Well, I can't sing, so I don't really know what you're gonna call this. Barnyard noises? Oh! No, ma'am. Don't try it, bitch. Whoo. We have to rap, dance, write. Trinity can't do any of those things. Trinity, you in danger, girl. Well, ladies, wish me luck. Good luck. Good luck, darling. Good luck, girl. Hi, Shea. Hey, Todrick. So it's time for me to record my verse to Ru's single Category Is with Todrick Hall. This is Vjuan Allure. Vjuan Allure, hi. He is Ru's producer. He actually produced the track to Category Is. Okay. This is the real deal. People will be hearing this shit. I have to nail this. Okay, let's hear what you got. 'Cause I want it, I get it And, girl, I'm ready to show 'em How these bitches, I own 'em, I got Mm. One more time. Just take a deep breath and make sure you get every single word in. I wrote some really fast lyrics, you know, a la Twista. Like, I'm trying to spit that shit like so fast so that they know that, hey, this girl got game. 'Cause I want it, I get it, and came up here and did it And girl, I'm ready to show 'em How these bitches, I own them, you got that? Supermodel switch Okay, cut. Just try to get me more diction. Okay, I'll eat it up. All right, play the track. Come on, Mama Ru, give the queen her crown I approve this message and all I'm gonna say Is I'm Shea Coulee and I always Great. I got chills. You're just a bad ass bitch. Hi. Hello, ladies. Hi, Peppermint. I used to watch The RuPaul Show with Michelle and Ru, and here I am a guest on their podcast. It's a dream come true. You made it all the way to top four? Girl. But, you know, for us, we see the girls year after year and I think the biggest challenge is for them to get past their conception of themselves. Mmhmm. Have you been able to do that? Yes. Before the competition, I really had a hard time balancing kind of my day life and my night life. Because I know that you have revealed that you are trans. You're a trans woman. Is that what we're talking about? Is that what Yes. I mean, a really well known and respected queen back in New York said, oh, you know, are you transitioning? 'Cause if you are, I'll support you. But then she immediately said, but you know you'll never work in the gay community again as a drag queen. But that's not true. I see that now, but that scared the shit out of me. For how long? Years. Years? Until a couple weeks ago. I still worked and I still continued my transition, but it made me kind of push them to opposite ends of the room. You don't ever need to be one or another. Nobody has to put anybody in any kind of a box. I definitely didn't think being a drag queen and a transwoman would ever mix. And now, after this experience, I know that those two things can coexist if that's who you are, and that's who I am. Thank you so much, Peppermint, for being so honest. You is a marvel. laughs. I'm ready to hear what you got. Okay. Play back. My name is Trinity and can't you see I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me The talent I've got you just can't replace Even with injectables in your face The time has come Let's pause. Let's cut the track. Yeah, take that off, honey, get comfortable 'cause we got a lot of work to do. All right. The performance quality that needs to be, you're at like 35%. chuckles. What? I've got to push more. I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me The talent I've got you just can't replace Even with injectables in your face Okay, cut the track. Okay. I don't think that you need to take the note as that you need to yell into the microphone. Relax and just be funny. Let's do it again. Crowns and gowns and tiny thongs, too Other bitches wishin', but you ain't me, boo The talent I got Oh, I just Let's go again. Was I off? You were off, yeah. Just tap your foot and get that rhythm on fleek, okay? Right. Okay, all right. But you blame me, boo, the talent I've got Yeah. Good. You're saying the talent I've got, honey, in that line, so Right. Gotta show. Yeah, show us. Show us that you got it. I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me Crowns and gowns and tiny thong, toos You mumbles. ain't me, but I am freaking out. I have to get it together or all this work is gonna be for nothing. Coming up One, two, three, four. Down, down, turn, stick. Oh, my gosh. Sasha can't dance. exhales. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Oh, my God, look who's here. Hello, you beautiful legends. Hi. It's time to do the What's The Tee? podcast with Ru and Michelle. I'm really excited to get to spend some time hanging out with them. When you look at yourself in this competition, what were your missteps? The biggest was how I tackled 902Ho. I thought I could think my way into humor. Hmm. But turns out, that doesn't work so well. No. And what about in life in general? I think a lot about my relationship with my mom. She passed away last year, and I feel like there were a lot of missed opportunities for us to connect. I'm not sure she ever really got to see the type of drag that I believe in. But she knew you did drag. She knew I did drag, but I could have shared it with her. Included her. Yeah. My mom was always a little bit unsure about why I was doing drag because she didn't see how it could be a career. But she was interested. Especially in the last couple months of her life, she wanted nothing more than to see what direction my life was going to take, and I didn't really open up. I think all the time about how it must have felt for her feeling like she was going to miss out on so much. That loss made me realize the importance of opening up. My dad has fallen in love with drag. Papa Velour. Papa Velour. Papa Velour. That's what people always call him. all laugh. Well, thank you, Sasha Velour, and give my love to your father. I will. But before you go Yes. We have a parting gift. Oh. What is it? Today's podcast is sponsored by Squatty Potty. Best poop of your life, kiddo. Guaranteed. Thank you so much. You know, I'll write a whole philosophy piece about it. all laugh. Hey, Todrick. How you doin'? I'm doin' good, baby. We're twinning. Ow! Ow. I love to sing, I love to rap, and I love to perform, and that's exactly what this challenge is. I'm gonna win. Let's just dive in. Sugary sweet confection Spicy, redhot, chocolaty I'm minty fresh Sh Let's do it, Peppermint, 'cause there's nothing worse than messing up a lip synch, than messing a lip synch that you wrote. Aah. Sugary sweet confection Bad for your teeth, spicy, redhot, chocolaty I'm minty fresh, but it ain't for free Cut the track. Whatever you're doing right now, take that and run with it, 'cause that is, like, your personality. Classy, but I can still take to the street So you know you better never try to come for me I love it. That's it. Frickafrickaree. How are you guys? Hi, Shea. Shake a leg, Shea Coulee. Now, somebody told me you were teased a lot as a kid. Yes. Where we lived was a mostly white neighborhood, and so I was teased because I was the only black kid, you know. They'd call me Blackie. And then I would go to church and then they would make fun of me because they said I spoke too white. So I really didn't feel like I belonged much of anywhere. And it really took doing drag to become stronger and more confident. It's my armor. When you went to this church, did you get into the spirit of the Lord? Oh, girl, yeah. I used to shout and I used to buck and jive and throw it all around. Did you speak in tongues? Oh, yes. Boon shakalalala, hallalalala, hallalalala. all laugh. So it's shah lala Mmhmm. Boom Boomboom kah. Uhhuh. Kahkahkah, kahkahkah, kahkahkah, kah. Yes. I'm familiar with that one. I know that one. That was at my church. Yeah. laughs. I love it. Yes. Hey, listen, we actually have a parting gift for you. It's going to be your very own Oh, my God, shut up! Yes. The Squatty Yes! Yes! Oh, my goodness. That's for you. Poop in good health. Thank you, guys. Byeee. Bye. Bye. That bitch knew what Squatty Potty was. Hell, yes. Squatty Potty ain't no joke. I love it. A thinking queen speaks to the heart She's stranger than fiction, better than art I'm chuckles. I'm more true than real I'm a magical bitch, darling That's how I feel Okay. I am just gonna be real with you. I'm not all the way sold on this. For somebody who's coming up for the finale of RuPaul's Drag Race, it just doesn't seem powerful. You're a drag queen. You know what I mean? I feel like it needs to be But I'm this kind of drag queen, Todrick. I'm not saying you need to be, like, popping your tongue and giving us Alyssa Edwards, but right now, it just sounds like you're saying lines into a voicemail. Oh, God. It's important to show Todrick I can be a star and still be myself. Play the track. Brighteyed and bushybrowed Be the strange you wish to see in the world Sasha Velour relies on brains Beauty be damned, let monsters reign I'm a magical bitch, darling That's how I feel Awesome. How'd you feel about that? Better. You were right. laughs. Now, you're from Birmingham, Alabama, and you were raised by your grandparents. I was. What do they think about you as a showgirl? I never told my grandfather, although I think he probably found a couple of wigs under a towel once and didn't say nothing. laughs. Uhhuh, uhhuh. Now, my grandmother, she had a really hard time with me being gay. And towards the end we had a big falling out, even though I was taking care of her. Was the falling out over your homosexuality? It was. Or the drag? It was over me being gay. We got into a really big fight before she passed, and I told her that I hated her. I didn't mean that, but it's something that haunts me, like, still today. Like, I just wish that wouldn't have been, like, one of the last things I told her. Right. I don't know. I just There's a lot about the last few months of her life that I just don't have closure with. Like, I just I wish there would have been more conversations. I wish there would have been more time. I can't go back and be, like, I'm sorry that I said that 'cause she's not here. Yeah. My guess is that if she were here, she would forgive you. I hope so. No, she would definitely forgive you. She would say, I am so proud of my baby. She sounded just like that. laughs. I didn't want her to ever think that I really didn't love her, because I do. She was the best parent I could have ever had. There are my queens. How y'all doin'? Hey. Good work earlier today, but the challenge is just about to really get started right now. It's time to learn your choreography for the performance tomorrow. My goal is to challenge every single person based on their own skill set. I really want to push them because that's what this competition is about. Let's go, Peppermint. You ready? All right, baby, I'm ready. So I want to see if you can sit like this so they can go like that. This performance determines the top three. I cannot afford to drop the ball on this one. Bring it to the runway. Two, three. Cut, cut, cut. Let's do this. Let's try that from the top. Five, six, seven, walk. Bring Keith. Put her down. Left, right, left. Right, left. Awesome. Cool. Next up, Sasha. Okay, can you just do fast walks? Gahgahgah, gahgahgah, gahgahgah, boom. And then, walk, walk, five, six, seven, fall. exhales. Can we try it? Sure. What is Todrick thinking? Sasha can't dance. One, two, three, four. Down, down, turn, six, seven. Oh, my gosh. Dundundun, dundundun, dundundun, boom. This should be fast. Gahgahgah, gahgahgah, gahgahgah, boom. I'll do my best. Sorry. Let's go back. Five, six, seven, eight. I'm reallyI'm honestly trying my best. I want to nail it, but I just maybe won't get it, like, immediately. But do you feel confident that you can do this on stage? I do feel confident. Because if you don't, you should tell me now. I feel like I can do it, but it is a huge challenge that I want to rise to. Good. I like to hear that. Girl. Sasha is up there looking like she's shook. Coming up She's just been up here. I'm a huge fan. She's got the real goods. Oh, no. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. All right. Let's move on to Trinity. We're rehearsing our choreography for our main stage performance of Category Is with Todrick Hall. You ready? I mean, I'm gonna have to be. laughs. I am extremely nervous. So can you go, what category are we on right now? What category are we on rioh, wait, wait. Yeah, it's in aokay, so. What category What category are we What category are we on right now? What category are we on right now? What dance move is coming next? What category are we on right now? Okay. I can get it, but it's gonna take practice. The problem with Trinity is that her rhythm game is a little delayed. I feel like I'm always watching her on Skype. Okay. Let's try it with music. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Five, six, bring it, Trinity. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday! I may not have it right now, but I promise I will have it. But people have said that before. If I can't do it, that means, well, girl, I can't dance. Then you might not be in the top three. I deserve to make top three. I've worked my ass off for this. I've got to figure this out. Shea Coulee, you ready? Mmhmm. Yeah. laughs. What is this giggle about? You're throwing some real shit out today. both laugh. Well, this is Season 9. We got to step it up. And I'm gonna bring it real hard for you because I know you dance all the time. Mmhmm. Okay? Can you do, like, a pirouette? Mmhmm. A double pirouette? Mmhmm. A triple pirouette? I could try. Let's see it. Work, bitch, okay. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. How'd you do? I did well. She did it. Damn it. Shea is gonna continue to slay the judges. Yay for Shea. Five, six, seven, eight. Bitch. Like, I'm gonna have to do some showgirl shit. Throw some pearls down so she can, like, fall and bust her face. Awesome. All right. Great job. RuPaul laughs. Cover girl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe let your whole body talk And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Tonight, it's just family. This week, we challenged our queens to prove they are top three material. And now they're ready to kick things off with the world debut of Category Is with original material by the recording sensations Peppermint, Sasha, Shea and Trinity. Or as I like to call them, Seduction 2, Electric Boogaloo. all laugh. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. Category is, bring it to the runway. Category is stars, statements and legends. 0s, 0s, 0s across the board. Deejay, start the music. Category is Sugary sweet confection Bad for your teeth, spicy, redhot, chocolaty I'm minty fresh, but it ain't for free Legendary queen from NYC Sassy, never shady Classy, but I can still take it to the street So you know you better never try to come for me Season 9 out the gate Finish line, no time to wait 0 queens down, only three to go I'm laying bitches out like dominoes Sasha be first, Shea turns looks Trinity crazy, but off the hook But the number one queen is PEPPER Bitch, you know the rest Take it to the runway Runrunrrrunway Bring it to the runway, bring it to the runway Bring it to the bring it to the Bring it to the runway Category is Brighteyed and bushybrowed Be the strange you wish to see in the world Sasha Velour relies on brains Beauty be damned, let monsters reign If you want to join the revolution Innovate, that's my solution Wear a crown, fuck with gender Bend the rules, don't surrender A thinking queen speaks to the heart She's stranger than fiction, better than art I'mI'm more true than real I'm a magical bitch, darling That's how I feel Aah! all laugh. Dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, pom. Category is I'm Trintastic, plastic, injectable realness The body is here I'm the mother tuck girl, what can I say? There can only be one, and I'm feeling the fantasy My name is Trinity and can't you see I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me Crowns and gowns and tiny thongs, too Other bitches wishin', but you ain't me, boo The talent I've got you just can't replace Even with injectables in your face The time has come for 00 Gs You think you're gonna beat me? Girl, please What category are we on right now? What category are we on right now? What category are we on right now? Whwhwhwhat category? Bring it. Category is Shea Coulee, look at the edges I snatched today I see you watching how I sashay Them other girls best get out of my way 'Cause I want it, I get it, and came up here and did it And girl, I'm ready to show them How these bitches, I own them, got that? Supermodel switch, Ms. Coulee She a real, real bad bitchuh Let me rock this mic Leave them in my dust like Tina did Ike I'm sickening though and real fierce Chicago in the house, girl, whatcha gonna do? About to shut it down Come on, Mama Ru, bring the queen her crown I approve this message, and all I'm gonna say Is I'm Shea Coulee and I always Bring it to the runway, runway. Runrunrrrunway. Bring it to the runway. Oh, work. Runrunrrrunway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the bring it to the bring it to the runway Bring it to the runway. Runway, runrunrrrunway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the bring it to the bring it to the runway Oh, my goodness. Wow! applause. This is the best season of Dancing with the Stars ever. all laugh. Coming up Ladies, it's time for your final four critique. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Category is Final Four Eleganza Extravaganza. First up, Peppermint. Well, I declare. The first lady of drag. I am giving you ultimate 8th century luxuriousness. I look gorgeous. Hell, we can cancel the whole thing and just give me the crown right now. As God is my witness, I will never walk this runway again. Sasha Velour. Crown never felt this good. Yes. Well, I think she's blooming gorgeous. Yes. This is my pretty in pink, but it has a distinct Velourian twist. There is a crown, leather gloves. I'm angry and ferocious and beautiful and everything at once that defines me. I own 5% of this kingdom. Michelle laughs. Now I'm going to wash the dishes. Leave me alone. Voulez, Shea Coulee, avec moi. Bustier, you slay. My look is Balmain meets Bob Mackie meets Beyonce. It's something that you would see at Madison Square Garden, and I don't doubt that your girl can make it there. It's like Beyonce and a smurf had a baby. Smurfonce. all laugh. Now, I love this look, butand it's a big butt. all laugh. Trinity Taylor. Oh, I hate when I fall asleep on the bus. You know? all laugh. Going through this competition, I've claimed to be a pageant girl, and yet to give a sickening pageant gown. So I am giving them every ounce of Trinity Taylor glamourpuss as I can. Oh, and she's back on the chain gang. Yes, she is. Back chains? That way. Welcome, my gorgeous, gorgeous girls. This show is like a GPS system for many of our young viewers as they try to navigate their lives, which is why I think it's so important to ask you this question. Aw. Oh. Peppermint, you've provided us with a childhood photo. If you could turn back time, what words of wisdom would you share with your fouryearold self? Despiteeverything you hear from other people, everything you feel sobs. everything you feel on the inside is right. And pleasesobs. don't wait. Don't wait to express it. Don't wait to express it, because the moment you realize that, everyone else will. That's beautiful. Thank you. Sasha Velour, this is you at five years old. Now, if you could turn back time, what words of wisdom would you share with little Alexander? Little Sashinka, you think a lot of negative things about yourself that you are strangelooking, too fem, weird. And I want to tell you that those things are all completely true. all laugh. And you need to stop running from them because those are the things that make you amazing. And one more thing. Be good to your mother, because there is less time than you would want, and she deserves to see the beautiful queen that you are. I'd like to think she's watching you right now. Thank you, Sasha. Shea Coulee. laughs. This is you at three years old. What words of wisdom would you share with little Jaren? Get your head out of the TV for a second 'cause I want to tell you you are loved. And there are some things that you are going to experience that I wish that I could protect you from, but those hardships make you into the individual that's standing here today. And I want to thank you. Even when I didn't think that we could do it, you did. And I'm so proud of us. Thank you, Shea. Thank you. Trinity Taylor. all laugh. This is you at eight years old. What words of wisdom would you share with little Ryan? As you get older, things are gonna get really bad for you. sniffles. You're gonna go through a lot of hardships with your family, and people are gonna die and they're gonna get sick. But you're gonna find something very special that changes your life, and that is drag. Know that all the things that you've been through in life are gonna make you into a very strong person. Thank you. Coming up One final question. Why should you, and not one of your fellow queens, be crowned America's next drag superstar? RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Ladies, it's time for your Final Four critique, starting with Peppermint. When there are hot young guys in harnesses dancing, I get distracted. Look, a bird, abs, yay. But you kept the focus the entire time. The lyrics were hilarious, were uniquely you. You have all the goods, and you delivered. And I think on this journey, as the competition went on, I feel like you've become more and more of yourself. And thank you for always coming out with charisma and making us all smile. What, she gets no uniqueness, nerve and talent? I might be spelling a word here. all laugh. Up next, Sasha Velour. We're gonna give you uniqueness because that is what you are. And tonight, from the start of, like, the Vincent Price Thriller moment to your lip synch and choreography, it was so Sasha. Throughout your journey, your runway looks have been genius, artistic fashion moments. You're always innovative. And you managed to be consistently you and flexible enough to succeed in this competition. I've been impressed the entire time. Up next, Shea Coulee. Shea, it do take nerve, honey. Whether it's Grandrea Zuckerwoman or Blac Chyna, you always went all the way with it, and tonight was no exception. Your performance felt the most cool. You really captured what's happening in music right now. And this look, you're kind of giving us that, like, Beyonce glamour. And you have a sense of humor. I think that's a great package, one that's really hard to beat. Up next, Trinity Taylor. My good, gay gods. Trinity, this is my favorite look you've ever turned tonight. Thank you. And who knew that Trinity was funny? The mom in 902Ho, it was genius. The nun was unbelievable. Sister Mary Koont, I loved it. Talent, the T, that's what I'm giving you, Trinity, because you have done things in this competition talent wise you didn't know you had in you. I'm finally figuring this out. CUNTrinity. Yes! Thank you. I'd like to buy a vowel, Michelle Visage. I told you I had a plan. all laugh. One final question. Why should you and not one of your fellow queens be crowned America's next drag superstar? Starting with Peppermint. I'd like to take a page from our drag foremothers way back at Stonewall and spread a message of love and light. I think we have to connect with our community and people outside of what we would consider our community. As America's next drag superstar, it will be important for me to do that. Thank you. Thank you, Ru. Sasha Velour, same question. The future of drag, to stand up and carry on your legacy, Ru, we have to be able to do something new. The new thing is going to seem a little strange and a little weird, and the new thing is definitely gonna walk in with a scream, and that is me. Thank you, Sasha. Shea Coulee. I committed. I gave 0%. And even though I stumbled, more than any of my competitors, I succeeded the most. That is the making of a superstar. I would want to carry on your legacy and be America's next drag superstar. Thank you, Shea. Trinity Taylor. Out of every contestant, I've grown the most not just as an entertainer, but as a person. I may have had some downs, but I've tried so hard, through everything I've ever done in my life, to make something better for myself. I've never had stability, and being the next drag superstar would be a huge weight lifted, and I deserve it. Thank you, Trinity. Thank you. Thank you, ladies. Now, while you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. car engine starts. All right, now just between us four tops, let's talk about the top four. Mm. Peppermint. Peppermint is a classic. She hits her marks. She delivers her moments. She's a Jane of all trades. She's got that thing that is so crucial for anybody in show business. She's got the likeability, and if she won the title, that's gonna serve her well. Sasha Velour. I'm a huge fan because she dissects drag, and then reinvents it in her own very artistic way. Yeah, and we do know what a Sasha look and act will be. And I liked what she had to say about the drag of the future is not going to be what we're used to. I would love to see what someone like her could do with that crown. Shea Coulee. She's a great entertainer. She's a great dancer. She's a great actress. And every look was pretty great on the runway. With the exception of a stumble in the makeover challenge, she's just been up here. She absolutely proved herself every single time. You should call her the postman of drag. She delivered. Trinity Taylor. When this first started, we just saw pageant girl, and as this contest progressed, so did she. She needed these challenges to say, no, you're actually really funny. And think about how funny Stanky the Starfish was. It was amazing. And tonight, with her dance, she was hilarious. That's my favorite thing about this competition, when the queens surprise themselves. I feel like Trinity has made the biggest leap in my opinion. I'd love to see her in the top three. Yeah. Well, this isn't gonna be easy. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Welcome back, ladies. All season long, you've worked your big ol' booties off, and each of you has more than earned your spot on this stage tonight. The time has come thunder. for you to lip synch echoing. for your life. Good luck and don't fuck it up. You wear it well French tip, lipstick, painted on You wear it well Value sure suits youoooo Work it for me Work it for me, me You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well I have to be in the top three. I brought as much grace and humility as I did talent and personality. Sounds like America's next drag superstar to me. You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well Kitty girl, work that highend tights. I am determined to take over the world with my crazy, strange Velourian drag, and I'm not going to be stopped now. I have to make it to the top three. I have to win. laughs. Don't let nobody tell you you ain't beautiful I've worked my entire adult life to build the brand of Trinity Taylor. I deserve to be America's next drag superstar, so I'm coming for that crown, ladies. Back up. We will not be tamed Dreadlocks It's about the drive and the nerve and the desire to win. I'm the total package. If y'all placing bets on anybody, you want to throw $5. 00 down on me. Wig shop, nonstop hair salon You wear it well Value brand newoooo Work it for me, work it for me, me You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well RuPaul laughs. applause. Ladies, I've made my decision. Tonight, I've decided To eliminate No one. All four of you are moving forward to the grand finale of RuPaul's Drag Race. How you like them apples? I love them, girl. Ooh, they real sweet. My top four queens, the race has never been so close. And now I want to hear from our super fans. Who do you think should be crowned America's next drag superstar? Are you TeamPeppermint TeamSasha TeamShea or TeamTrinity? Let your voice be heard. Because Mama Ru wil be listening. Now, remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? Amen! Amen! Can I get a whoopwhoop? Whoopwhoop! Whoopwhoop! Can I get a she done already done had hers? All She done already done had hers. All right. Now let the music play. Hey, kitty girl It's your world Hey, kitty, kitty, girl Whoaohoh Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race You'll be giving our crew members the chance to strut a mile in your shoes. screams and applause. Yeah, I'm having a hard time here. Nina wants to sew two whole outfits from scratch, and Nina don't know how to sew. Trinity Taylor. This was probably the tightest presentation. Alexis Michelle. The outfits are kind of real basic. Nina Bo'nina Brown. Even the bunny part was just sort of half done. Shea Coulee. It felt, like, you know, there's the star sister and then there's the other sister. Trinity Taylor, you're the winner of this week's challenge. Shea Coulee, shantay you stay. Nina Bo'nina Brown Andre Charles, sashay away. Oh, my goodness. sighs. Nina is gone. She did bring a side of drag that most people don't see. But I'm relieved. The negative is gone. It's time to move on. Sue me. Shea Coulee, hope you struggle cleaning this. all laugh. But for real, girl, I still believe in you, bitch, and I can't wait to see what you do. Sorry. I had to grab this 'cause I'm freaking cold. She might be cold, but her pussy is on fire 'cause you won, bitch. cheering. Congratulations. Thank you. What did everybody feel about their critique? So help me, God. Michelle's opinion means so much to me. I don't want her to have to tell me one more time to step up my look. It feels like shit. This is a serious top five, so I have to make sure that I am bringing it hard. So, Shea, not that I enjoyed you being in the bottom, but how's it feel to finally lip sync? Whoo! It really fucking sucks. If she would have sent your ass home, I would have been laughing all the way, bitch. Now that we're the top five, no one is safe. One mistake and you're home. Girl, all I gotta say is free the tuck, honey. Free the tuck. Ooh! car engine starts. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a one year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100,000. With extra special guest judges superduper model Joan Smalls and Andie MacDowell. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Yes, girl. Top five, top five. Top five. Bitch, it's the top five. I'm ready to slay my way to the top. I'm taking this competition seriously. buzzing. Little bugs are my phobia. I don't like gnats. Gnats are the devil. Is it around me? Please, kill it, kill it, kill it. What was the question? Hello, hello, hello. Hey! Oh! Ladies, for today's mini challenge, we're having ourselves a good old fashioned bitch fest, and we're doing it with puppets. screams and applause. Because why? All. Everyone loves puppets. Exactly. Pick out a puppet that represents one of your competitors, and drag it up. First up, Shea Coulee. Reach in, girl. Don't be scared. You know, you'd think that hole would be worn out after so many years. It's Peppermint. Next up, Sasha Velour. gasps. It's Trinity. Trinity Taylor. Oh! I have Shea. all laugh. Peppermint. Alexis. All right, you're up, Alexis Michelle. Here she comes. gasps. all laugh. It's a boy. It's a something. All right, you've got 20 minutes to drag up your puppet. Go! screams. Start with the ass. I'm gonna fuck you up with this puppet, Alexis. I would never wear that color. Make sure you make it basic. I feel like mine's very accurate. Bitch, that is a hot motherfucking mess. Exactly. All right, ladies. Time's up. From the Today Tix Theater, let the bitch fest begin. Hey, girl, you know what? You've been doing really well in this competition, Pepper. How does that make you feel? Aah! Oh, what's going on with the bottom of the outfit? Girl, you know what they say. Power top, lazy bottom. Ow! You do realize you got a little lace right here on your wig. Let me get that Oh! Damn, girl! all laugh. I told y'all don't touch my wigs. Trinity, where are you? I'm right here, girl. I've gotta say, I've learned a lot about drag since I've been here. It isn't just about silicone. It's also about restylane, botox, and this little thing called hot glue that I'm just filling myself up with. Ha! all laugh. Well, Trinity, you are often talking about sex. Oh, girl, I like fisting, glory holes, horse play. That's where you have sex with Nina Bo'nina Brown. all laugh. Couch play. That's where you have sex with Nina Bo'nina's Brown's padding. all laugh. Jelly play. That's where you have sex with me. Hey! all laugh. Oh, hi. How are you, Shea? Well, you have won a lot of challenges this season, but it sure isn't on that makeup, is it? Well, you know, this is how we do it in Chicago, bitch. You know, you might want to check your kitchen, girl, 'cause, you know, you already been clocked about that once. What you mean, girl? I have disco butt. You don't really have that much body, do you, honey? Do you need to go see my doctor? No. We do this natural in Chicago. Sasha, what is that over on your hand? The feathers are the bird that's flying out of the cage. I'm being freed. What's with the crown? Well, Alexis, I really want to be America's next drag superstar. Sasha, don't you think that's a little literal? It's not literal, it's felt. It's meta. Wow, Sasha, that is really deep. End scene. Uncanny. Alexis Michelle, you look so fabulous today. Oh, thank you. I'm just a Broadway girl Okay, Alexis, we got it. Wait a minute. I'll be right back. Don't take too long, 'cause you know it's showtime. Alexis, what are you doing down there? And I'm from Broadway Why you fucking look so green, girl? deep voice. I'm not doping, bitch. laughs. You shady ladies all did real good. all laugh. The winner is Sasha Velour. Yeah. Yeah. You've won a $500 gift card from Today Tix, the last minute theater ticket app. Trinity's ass floats to the top again. All right, ladies, it's time to celebrate our queer culture like only you queens can. For this week's maxi challenge, we're throwing a ball. But not just any old ball. We're throwing the gayest ball ever! Yeah. Ow! GayestBallEver You'll need to work three different looks, each one more gaytastic than the last. First category is RainbowSheBettaDo. We want to see a flaming look inspired by the rainbow flag. Second category is Sexy Unicorn. Yes! Ooh. Hooves and horns and queens. Oh, my! all laugh. Third category is Village People Eleganza Extravaganza. Oh. Shit. Each of you needs to create a look inspired by the legendary group the Village People. That's cowboy, cop, Native American, construction worker, and leather biker couture. Rrr, rrr. So I'm gonna head over to the YMCA and let you guys pick your own Village Person inspiration. Start your engines, and may the best woman win. laugh. We all agreed to be very diplomatic with the selection of the Village People look. I end up choosing the leather biker look because it's all black, and everybody looks good in all black. Aah! Police brutality. Hits too close to home. I chose the cop look. I'm trying to, like, let loose a little bit, be a little bit more edgy. So, Peppermint, what are you making? I'm just trying to go for a very hyperfeminized version of the leather daddy/mommy. Pepper, are you going for like a fetishy look? I don't really have much experience with the leather community. I'm more like the pleather community. all laugh. Peppermint has a great personality. She has a great personality. But her looks, they're just not polished, so that could be her downfall. Coming up What do you think is going to be your winning ticket? I can always count on my smarts. I want to do like a patchwork, big skirt Wait. Let me put my earring on. Uhhuh. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. For today's maxi challenge, we're getting ready for the gayest ball ever. I'm gonna shit glitter. I chose the Native American. I want to give something that will feel a little bit tribal, but also ready to wear. What I need to use is an editing eye in this challenge to make sure that it feels fresh. This is my chance to say, like, I'm not basic, I have taste. Alexis needs to push her aesthetic further. She needs to modernize it. I feel like I could go to New York and throw a stone and hit five other queens that can do exactly what she does. Hiee. Hi. Hello. I'm here. I'm queer. Get used to it. cheers and laughter. Hey, Sasha. Hi, RuPaul. Now, you chose the cowboy? Yeah, the cowboy seems like a winning choice to me, and this fabric is incredible. But constructing is not my strongest suit, so I have to be very, very clever. Yeah. What do you think is gonna be your trump card? Oh, did I say fuck Trump? Not today. Not on the day. Not today. What do you think is gonna be your winning ticket? I can always count on my smarts to push me over the edge. So how are you going to reinterpret the rainbow flag? Well, it really is quite a challenge, because I'm breaking it apart. I'm deconstructing the rainbow God, that sounds overly intellectual, but I promise I have an interesting trick up my sleeve that I'm excited to pull out. Sasha is really, really, deep and puts a lot of thought into her drag, and that's both an advantage, but it's also kind of a disadvantage. 'Cause if nobody knows what the hell is going on, what difference does it make anyway? Whoo. Alexis Michelle. Hi, RuPaul. Now, which character in the Village People are you Wait. Let me put my earring on. Maybe you'll have some sense of what I'm doing. Am I the cop? I think you're the Native American. I'm the Native American. And why'd you choose that one? I saw this bowl of these beautiful turquoise embellishments, and they spoke to me immediately, and I said, you know what? Build the look around these. Uhhuh. Now, last week, the judges had some critiques about your aesthetic. Yes. How'd that make you feel? You know, it hurt, actually. I did sew my bodysuit and leotard. They weren't Halloween costumes I bought in a store. It was just that the outfit you created wasn't two steps beyond. I think I'm on the right track this time, and it's time to be that Phoenix and rise up out of those ashes. Good, because, you know, we're down to the wire here. This is it. This is it. I've chosen something very ambitious, with the amount of stoning that I intend to do to this bodice. Now is the time I've really got to show that I belong here visually. Hi, Shea. Hey, Ru. I see lots of construction worker stuff here. Why'd you choose the construction worker? I'm a really big fan of British fashion, you know, Vivienne Westwood, Burberry. and so I want to do, like, an interesting kind of like patchwork big skirt that has, like, a lot of, like, punk unfinished edges, but still really polished and fashion forward. Oh, my goodness. That's a tall order. Now, Shea, last week you wound up in the bottom two for the first time. Did that shake you up? Oh, girl, it shook me up. It shook me down. It shook me all around. This challenge will determine the final four, so this is big time. This is no joke. Yeah, no. My performance in last week's challenge was just a one time deal. Ain't no slipups from here on out. All right, ladykins, gather round. Now, tomorrow, in addition to your three ball looks, I want you to perform an opening number that pays tribute to the gayest Olympic sport ever rhythmic gymnastics. cheers and laughter. cheers and screams. And that's how you get the gold medal here at Drag Race. cheering. Now, Sasha Velour, you won the bitch fest, so you're in charge of the choreography. Okay. laughs. So good luck, and don't fuck it up. cheers and laughter. Coming up Ow! Oh, my God. Are you all right? Sasha's certainly not delivering. This rehearsal feels kind of unfocused. Crack the whip. I have been trying. Wham! RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Whoo! laughs. Now it's time for us to rehearse our rhythmic gymnastics routine. All right, ladies, let's get to work. I still don't even know what rhythmic gymnastics is, but I'm gonna find out. One thing that I loved that I saw the Olympians do is, like, they hold out these things so we can have that pull apart moment. Yes. So One, two, three, four. Five, six, seven, eight. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. This is ridiculous. Okay, okay, let's focus, let's focus. One, two, three No, wait, Trinity. One, two, three, four Ow! Oh, my God. Are you all right? Oh, my God. Is it red? No, not yet. Bitches getting their ribbons tied in knots, getting slapped in the face. It's actually not as easy as it looks. Okay, okay, so going from the beginning, I come up on three, and then all together we do something on four, right? Yeah. And for the next section, can we do five, six, seven, eight? No. What if the first timeokay. So what if the first time we put Alexis in the middle? Sasha's certainly not delivering. This rehearsal feels kind of unfocused. I grew up in the theater. I know what it means to stage a musical number, so I have a perspective that could help the team out here. Can I make a suggestion, ladies? What do you think about storm the judges, give good face? I'd rather not let it down, actually. I think it'll be sloppy picking it up. I want to keep it as simple as possible. Are you guys all comfortable with, like, a battement? So if we were like Let it rise with attitude Okay. Shea and Sasha think that their ideas are the best. My point of view is just pushed aside as second rate. May I suggest that we do figure eights in place for one, two, three Well, that's gonna change how we get off. Well, maybe if we just move faster. all talking. I don't want to move any faster. I do like adding the movement. All right, you guys. We need to just decide. There's too many chiefs and not enough Indians. Crack the whip. I have been trying. Sasha's too nice, 'cause I would have bitched slapped somebody. Wham! And then twirled my ribbon. And back to work. Motherfucker. How's everybody's look coming along? It's horrible! laughs. I am fucking terrified. Sasha's rainbow runway look, it's very pedestrian. I'm doing the most time consuming part right now. It's going to be, like, a patchwork on, like, flannel. So you're making a costume for Adore Delano? Ooh. laughs. I didn't know she was part of the Village People, but okay. Well, no, she wasn't a part of the Village People, but she was top three, unlike you. Oohhoohoohoo. I'm just not impressed by Shea. Cutoff shorts and a wife beater? Really? Does it look like a construction worker? Bitch, no. So how do you feel about the routine, Sasha? I feel, um I feel good about it. These are very fun to watch, these spinning ribbons. If you're a kitty. Even if you're not. I'm glad it wasn't any longer than it was. Ru better give us sunglasses, 'cause it's getting hella shady up in here. Honestly Uhoh. Get ready, girl. I think that the dance element is not your comfort zone, and I saw your insecurity around that, and it came out a little bit in your behavior. I don't think that I was insecure in the rehearsal at all. To be honest, I was not being listened to. I don't think you stood up as a leader, though. In my opinion, she was trying to steer the ship, and all of us were just, like, blahblahblah. I did not feel you steering the ship. It's clear that my strategy did not work for you, Miss Alexis. Frankly, I also feel like you sort of explicitly trust Shea and Shea's vision more than other folks. Actually, no. I felt like Shea was stepping on my toes a little bit. I was honesty just sharing my ideas, you know. You definitely just, like, straight up talked over me a bunch of times, and it was very challenging. It's going to be a tough battle to get to the top four. I see the claws come out. Rreer! Pfft, pfft. It ain't RuPaul's Best Friend Race no more. Aah! Coming up I'm living for this look. Chic as fuck. You are over. all laugh. bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe, let your whole body talk And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Trapped in the body of a straight girl, it's my gay best friend Michelle Visage. Let me out. Let me out. Oh, honey, you've been out for a while. all laugh. A man who's no stranger to balls, style superstar Carson Kressley. I love a good ball. Two's even better. laughs. And superduper model Joan Smalls. Welcome to my runway. Thank you for having me. I'm super excited. You look gorgeous. Trying to keep up with you. deep voice. Oh, you gonna need a few years for that, son. That was my Lady Bunny impersonation. And the beautiful Andie MacDowell. You ready for some sex, lives and tucking tape? Oh, baby, am I. We're so glad you're here tonight. This week, we challenged our queens to turn out three gagworthy looks for the gayest ball ever. But first, to get this ball rolling, category is Rhythmic Gymnastics AGoGo. laughs. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win. Representing the U. S. of Gay, it's the RuPaul Rhythmic Gymnastics team. Give your all So what if you fall? Legends rise with attitude If you give your all So what if you fall? Legends rise with attitude Storm the judges, give them face Posture, doll, hand on the waist A diva knows her obstacles Sell it back, but don't stop the show Get your ass on up Give your all So what if you fall? Legends rise with attitude laughter and applause. Hit the showers, girls. applause. I think my girls are doping. gasps. Can you feel the love? Let's get this ball rolling. Category is RainbowSheBettaDo. First up, Shea Coulee. Graffiti Nefertiti. I decided to go in a little bit of a different direction and do a dress that is graffiti, and I'm just feeling this look so much. Tag, you're it. Michelle laughs. Sasha Velour. Oh, gorgeous. Color blocking perfection. I'm giving a little nod to The Wizard of Oz and the importance of Dorothy to the gay community. Oh. Honey, I am home. Careful, before someone drops a house on you. Michelle laughs. I'm filing for section great. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. Rainbow Brite. Yes. This look is literal Pride flag. Bright, loud, colorful, stripey. Taste the rainbow. Mmm. Trinity Taylor. That gives whole new meaning to strapon. I'm giving you gay rainbow with a dash of dark lady. I wonder what's at the end of her rainbow. I just want her ass. Uhhuh. all laugh. Peppermint. Ooh, I wonder if her rug matches her drapes. all laugh. My look is a classic Pride look. I'm a classic beauty with a classic booty, and I'm working it like there is no other. This look brought to you by Skittles. Category is Sexy Unicorn. Shea Coulee. She's the black horse of this competition. 50 Shades of Shea. I'm giving you dark and lovely stallion. You can just call me Neigh Coulee. Spank it. Oh. Does she make you unicorny? all laugh. Sasha Velour. Oh. It's the Chronicles of Dragnia. Lord of the Hooves. Yes. When I think of a unicorn, I think of medieval tapestry, and I'm just selling that fantasy beast. The tip of her horn is bleeding. I think this is a period costume. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. Now, she's a real hoofer. I am a glittery, gold unicorn. Look at these hooves. You know what they say about big hooves, don't you? Now, that's what I call a fairytale. She's really feeling her oats. Trinity Taylor. She's got so much energy, it's like Lisa Crank. all laugh. It's every little gay boy's pony fantasy bubblegum, cotton candy, My Little Pony, and I live. Yeah, shake those tail feathers. Peppermint. Hornraiser. My sexy unicorn is a space unicorn. I start to realize that my garment is a little baggy in some places, so I have to kind of move very strategically. Unicorn? I don't remember eating unicorn. Michelle laughs. Category is Village People Eleganza Extravaganza. Serving construction worker couture, Shea Coulee. You better construction work. I deconstructed a whole bunch of flannel shirts to make a cape. I got my hair wrapped up in a turban 'cause you do not want them edges to sweat out. I am feeling invincible. Nailed it. all laugh. Serving cowboy couture, Sasha Velour. Putting the ho back in calico. I have this beautifully tailored red bandana outfit. This, to me, is everything I love about fashion. Your country breakfast is ready. Serving Native American couture, Alexis Michelle. Hey, Alexis, how's your head? I'm so thrilled with how this bodice turned out. I feel current, chic and I look like a million dollars. Well, somebody's gonna need an aspirin. all laugh. Serving cop couture, Trinity Taylor. I like this because it goes from daytime to welding in one simple tilt of the head. I'm feeling strong and sexy. I'm the bad cop that's coming for all the naughty boys. Spread 'em. Yeah, she is armed and fabulous. Serving leather biker couture, Peppermint. Her safe word is wintergreen. all laugh. I am all decked out in leather, and, honey, I'm gonna make them all my slaves. You better call me Master. Whatch! I think you got a date later on, honey. Coming up Ladies, I have to ask, who deserves to go home tonight and why? RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Welcome, ladies. It's time for the judges' critiques, starting with Shea Coulee. Your rainbow was not rainbow at all, but it was so stunning. I just felt coming out in rainbow stripes would have been predictable. Right, but there wasn't one color of the rainbow in there. Not one. This particular look that you're wearing right now, I think it's great. I love the details. But for me, the crowning glory is that patchwork flannel shirt/cape combo. Gives, like, a street style model offduty meets couture, and I would totally wear that, so I hope we share the same size. Can we see that jacket? Can you spin around for us? Wow. Riveting. Yes. No, that's what she was doing earlier. all laugh. Thank you, Shea. Thank you. Up next, Sasha Velour. Let's start with your rhythmic gymnastics. You had this psychotic Dorothy Hamill feel to you. You had this plastered weird smile on your face. It was really well done. I'm a little bit in love with you in general, I have to say. There's something extremely modern about your style. This cowboy look, the details here are so great. Super chic. Your unicorn. It was executed flawlessly. And your rainbow look, I loved when you removed the hat and you gave us Little House On The Fairy. That was amazing. Up next, Alexis Michelle. The gold unicorn, I really liked it. There was something very childlike about it. For the rainbow, I feel it was too literal. If they give you a theme, you should be able to take me there, you know. And I felt like it needed a little bit more of a oomph. And you look incredibly beautiful, but I feel if we take the bow out of your head, I can get that outfit at Ricky's. It's a little bit lackluster. I would love to see this taken way over the top. These two, they're taking an idea and giving it a real twist and just going balls deep, if you will. This is the final five, and there's so much more that could have been done. I nearly went blind stoning this thing. Got it. Still underwhelming. Okay. Up next, Trinity Taylor. The rainbow look. Does it look good? Yeah. Is it the best you could do? No. This is more like bar Trinity back at home. Let's talk about this runway look tonight. I think this is so chic and so glamorous, and all of those little badges and pins are phenomenal. The hair, the makeup, the visor, it's really cool. It's tough. At the same time, it's feminine. The ass looks amazing. laughs. I need to take myself to the gym after this. No, just the doctor. all laugh. Up next, Peppermint. Your unicorn, that was fun, but there was a little bagginess going on in the crotchal area. The rainbow I really loved because it was kind of French diva. I had an instant flash of being in Paris, and I wanted to meet you in the park at night. all laugh. What did you do in France, Andie? In Paris. Just call me anytime you're going to parties, okay? And then, this look, you know, the silhouette is great. I love all the details. As soon as you came out the runway, like, you owned it. And I felt like you were gonna beat me up, but I loved it at the same time. It was, like, I just loved the whole idea. Thank you. Ladies, at this crucial point in the competition, I have to ask, who deserves to go home tonight and why? Let's start with Shea Coulee. I would have to say Alexis Michelle. Sasha Velour. Alexis did really struggle. I would have to say Alexis as well. Very interesting that they're not supportive of my look right now in front of the judges, considering they had nothing to say to me about it in the workroom. Fucking shady whores. All right. Alexis Michelle. Frankly, I'd have to say Peppermint. She has a oneinamillion personality, and I think that she's able to sell looks that aren't always finished. Trinity Taylor, same question. A huge pet peeve of mine is not paying attention to details, so I would have to say Peppermint. All right, Peppermint. Your turn. Probably because she is my biggest competition, Trinity Taylor. Well, thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right. So just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Let's start with Shea Coulee. Overall, I love everything she did. The unicorn was very powerful. Construction couture, amazing. One of my favorites. Her rainbow look did not read rainbow to me whatsoever. I could see in the movie Paris Is Burning, people would be on the floor shouting, it is not a rainbow dress! I get what everyone is saying, but the fact that she included makeup on her body, it was like an artwork. Shea Coulee came here to compete, and she knows how to do it. Sasha Velour. I love Sasha because I think she's original. She gave us rainbow in a really different way, and the unicorn look stood out from the herd. all laugh. I just think she's chic as fuck. Her cowboy look was absolutely beautiful, but it was more fashion than it was drag. Yeah, I come to RuPaul's Drag Race not just to see a look that I'm going to go to Paris and I can see that down a runway. Like, I just needed to be taken to that dream, that fantasy land. You know, I'm torn, because everything Sasha did was absolutely fantastic. But is it gagworthy for a ball? We're looking for the Harlem children to be saying, you are over. You are over. Miss Thing, you are over. Alexis Michelle. Her rhythmic gymnastics thing, she just had so much enthusiasm for it and she gave us like Mary Lou Retton 986 realness. Every time she came out on the stage, I was just so captivated by her beauty. But everything else kind of like fell through. To me, that Native American fell completely short. So many things she could have done to make it so much better and so much draggier. And it looked like a shake and go that she had on tonight. The look was a little bit pedestrian. Again, we have to look at this as this is the top five and this is when you bring the best that you have. Yes. Trinity Taylor. The rainbow look, that was a real miss for me. We need wow factor. I want that look to be an event, and that was like an appetizer. And the unicorn, it wasn't my favorite, but I still thought it was a lot of fun. Even though her unicorn wasn't that special, she sold the fuck out of that thing. Yeah, she did. Her final look, however, was so fantastic. Everything about it, from the hair down to the bottom just worked for me. Pep, Pep, Pep. What's up, Peppermint? I don't think she was a stand out in the rhythmic gymnastics number. I didn't notice if she did a great job or a bad job. I just didn't notice. That's a problem. Her unicorn was definitely out of her comfort zone. She had a Hellraiser thing going on with her head, and the idea was very forward thinking. But it kind of was ruined because the pieces didn't fit properly. But the last look, I felt like she owned it and it was so intimidating and just empowering. And I love the way she commanded the runway with it. She was connecting with all of us. You could tell that she was living. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my Village People. laughs. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Sasha Velour, your three fashion looks really roped us in. Shea Coulee, your three ball looks gagged the judges. Shea Coulee, condragulations. You're the winner of this week's challenge. applause. You've won two VIP tickets to Cirque Du Soleil's sexy adult cabaret Zumanity, including airfare and deluxe Las Vegas accommodations. Yes! Being in the top four feels so good. I am feeling invincible. Sasha Velour, you're safe. Thank you. You may step to the back of the stage. Alexis Michelle, your Native American couture left the judges with reservations. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. I'm pretty angry being placed in the bottom for this week. Frankly, I think what I'm wearing is more fashion than what Trinity and Peppermint are wearing. Trinity Taylor, your cop rocked, but your other looks weren't as arresting. Peppermint, your leather queen dominated, but your unicorn and rainbow were a little light in the loafers. Peppermint, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Trinity Taylor, you're safe. You may join the other girls. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come thunder. to lip synch echoing. for your life. Good luck and don't fuck it up. music plays. Body, body, wanna feel my body? Wanna feel my body, baby? Such a thrill my body Such a thrill my body Yeah, yeah Talking about my body, well Listen here. Every man wants to be a macho, macho man To have the kind of body always in demand You can best believe that he's a macho man Ready to get down with anyone he can Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Macho, macho man Macho man, yeah I've got to be a macho man I've got to be a macho, macho man Hey, hey, I've got to be a macho Whoo! Oh! Oh! all laugh. Girl! Body Yeah You'll adore You'll adore my body, baby Come explore Come explore my body Yeah, yeah Made by God, my body, baby It's so good, my body Hey! You can tell a macho, he has a funky walk His western shirts and leather Always look so boss Funky with his body, he's a king Call him Mister Ego, dig his chains Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Macho, macho man Macho man, yeah I've got to be a macho man I've got to be a macho, macho man Macho, macho man I've got to be a macho cheers and applause. Ladies, I've made my decision. Peppermint, shantay, you stay. You may join the other girls. Thank you. Alexis Michelle, to misquote Liza Minnelli, if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere. sobbing. Thank you so much. Now sashay away. Thank you. applause. Dream big, my girls. I'm not really surprised. It just wasn't my day. I know it looks like I'm super sad, and the truth is I am. I mean, it's hard to go home right before the end. But I think what I'm really feeling is this was something I wanted for so, so long and I'm finally here. I've learned that I have what it takes. Let this statue be the first of many. You like me. You really like me. Well, look at you, my fab four. Condragulations. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you going love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? Amen! Amen! Now let the music play. Hey, kitty girl It's your world Hey, kitty, kitty girl Whoaohoh My name is Aja. I'm 22 years old. I had to think about that. And I'm from Brooklyn, New York. music playing. I got my drag name from a Bollywood movie. I don't know what it's called, but it had that little song that was like, (SINGING) Jamie, Jamie, Aja. And I was like, I like that. And I absolutely have no idea what it means. But I like it. I'm known for doing things that other people don't do. Not in terms of my drag, but just in terms of I will call everyone out and always speak the truth. That's good. I went to church. They always tell you God don't like liars. And I will not lie to your face. So don't ask me if you look bad because I'll tell you you look bad. I'm just a crazy person. I'm crying now on the inside. I'm not really competitive at all, to be honest. I just really like to have fun and I'm kind of a joker and I like to joke with people. And sometimes, at people. So I hope nobody gets mad at me. My drag aesthetic is very much like slutty, anime girl, but also kind of ratchet. She's from Brooklyn so she has to uphold that hood status. My look is very Judy Jetson hooker. And I'm just very inspired by Gautier meets Mugler meets furry monsters, but pastel. Season 9 is going to be, I don't even know. These bitches are crazy. My name is Alexis Michelle. I am 33 years old and I was born and raised in New York City. When I'm not dressed like this, my name is Alex Michaels. So I decided to feminize my name since Alexis is really my female half. Alexis Michelle is known for her theatricality, her lip sync talents, her live vocals, and being pretty thirsty. I am a fierce competitor, but I also know that my biggest competition is myself. So I don't need to tear anybody down. I can lend you something. I can help you out. And still be able to beat you, like a good girl. I'm a good girl, I am. I am all about body, curve, swerve, glamour, class, a little touch of prostitute, and of course, this mug. When I decided to go with this bright vibrant neon yellow, I said, I want to feel structure. I want to feel my shape. Alexis is known for her cinched waist and her hips. So I wanted to really bring that out, but elevate it to more of a high fashion, almost McQueenesque place. I can sit down at that makeup table and think, oh, god, here we go again, another face. And then something happens. As the shapes start to come out, as the contours pop, as the lashes go on, as I pout my lips. Something comes over me and all of a sudden, Alexis has arrived. Hi, I'm Charlie Hides. I'm from Boston and London, and I'm coughs. years old. I'm bicoastal. I'm a transatlantic dame. My side hustle is I'm a butt double for Britney Spears. How did I get my drag name? It's the name on my passport. So inventive. Creative. Pushed the boat out on that one. I'm known for, apparently, being the oldest drag race contestant ever. Why did I audition for the show? Because I'm so old. If I don't do it now, by next year, I could be dead. I'm so old, my ears are still ringing from the Big Bang. What I do to transform is I take lots of makeup and I throw it up into the ceiling fan. I get under it and hope for the best. My drag look? Eclectic, lots of different things. It's high fashion. I'm a crafty queen. What inspired my look today was Julie Newmar meets Philip Treacy. An inspiration for me is, if I wake up in the morning, I think this is a good day. Let's make the most of it. Let's have fun. Let's look good. Let's make a few people laugh. And if I can get paid for it, all the better. I want to be known for the person that when someone was feeling bad or had a rough day, they saw one of my shows and it made them feel better. I'm a team player, so I work with my team. And when it's my time to shine, I sparkle, Neely, sparkle. Season 9 is going to be the best season ever. You heard it from me. Don't quote me, but I'm pretty sure. My name is Eureka. I come from Johnson City, Tennessee. I am 25 years old and I am big, ready to jig, and ready to win this gig. I actually got my drag name, my mother's name is Eureka, but it's spelt the German form. She's from Germany and I just looked at my vacuum cleaner and was like, Americans, will be able to spell that out and sound it out. So I became Eureka. Eureka's really known in her profession as someone who is high energy, very smiley, very positive, but also is a dancing queen. I like to push the boundaries and the molds that the bigger community has been given. I like to wear things that we're not supposed to wear. I like to have the shape that we're not supposed to have. And I like to dance hard and do things that they don't expect a big girl to do. She's just big and loud and crazy, but fun. She's going to entertain you on and off the stage, regardless. It's who she is. I'm a perfectionist, so everything has to be perfect at all times, especially aesthetically. And it can cause me to be a little introverted at times, and sometimes a little snippy. So the bitches better watch out, because I might cuss, cut, or eat them. If I was going to describe my aesthetic, I would say the KoolAid man meets Eureka's castle meets Hobby Lobby meets the Grand Duchess meets Mary Queen of Scots meets fabulousness. Today, I am inspired by fire and the color red because it dedicates my passion and my drive and the flame that I have under my ass for a fat girl to finally win this beep. competition. My name is Farrah Moan. I'm 23 years old. Born and raised in Texas and now living in Las Vegas. My drag name Farrah comes from my '70s idol, Farrah Fawcett. And Moan comes from, well, me being a whore. When it comes to competing, I am not that competitive. I mostly just make sure that whatever I'm doing is true to what I like and what I want to showcase. I'm definitely not one of those girls that compares myself to other people or wants to be better than anyone. I just want to be the best me that I can. My drag aesthetic is on a spectrum between fetish and showgirl. I think I get a lot of my fetishy inspiration just from my own fantasies and desires. And then my old school Vegas showgirl feel is just from being so inspired by feathers and sparkles and rhinestones and glamour. And just that whole iconic, larger than life silhouette. My look today is inspired by old Hollywood meets retro glam, mixed with a little bit of the fetishy aspect of my aesthetic. Season 9 is going to be absolutely insane. Hi, my name is Jaymes Mansfield. I'm 26 years old and I'm from the Antarctic prison known as Milwaukee, Wisconsin. squeals. My drag name comes from my birth name being James and the actress Jayne Mansfield. I think I'm best known for my YouTube channel, Jaymes Mansfield, where I talk about hair styling, makeup, and even drag queen history, like I'm making right now. I'm a drag foster child. I have two drag mothers, the first one a legendary pageant queen of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Rudy D'angelo. And the third one, a legendary trash queen of West Hollywood, the Amazing Ruby Claire. My side hustle is hairstyling, babysitting, and selling cookies at the church bake sale. I am very competitive. I don't take things lightly. I will hurt people. But I think I'm going to play nice this time and give the girls a little bit before I, you know, slash their eyes out. I transfer into Jaymes Mansfield in one simple way. I stand still and spin myself around in a circle like Wonder Woman and, poof, I'm there. My entire look is inspired by small children, big dreams, and I'd say, my puppetry and creativity. I'm walking art. But not vivacious. I'm pretty. My outfit was created by my wonderful, long suffering maid, Mr. Jaymes. He stayed up many long nights creating this look last minute for me, and I appreciate him for it. My look is inspired by, well, I wanted to be big in the shoulders without having to gain weight. So, squeals. . Season 9 is going to be mine. My name is Kimora Blac. I'm 28 and I'm from Sin City, Las Vegas. I picked Kimora because I love Kimora Lee Simmons, but she's irrelevant now. So obviously, there has to be someone younger. And that's me. But Kimora, no one has it. It can't be duplicated. Kimora just sounds hot. When you hear Kimora, it's like, damn, who's Kimora? I am your life size Barbie, you know? Like out of the Barbie box. Like I am your rich, hot, platinum blonde Barbie. Super bronzy, like straight guys love me. Gay guys love me. Drag queens love me. I'm a really hot guy. Like, I would totally date myself. Like, this full blown, like, beard and, like, hot. But then, when I get into Kimora, it's such a long process because I am so perfected. Because I cannot go out of the house looking like busted. And some of the queens are kind of like busted. So that is like the top of my list is like, one, you cannot be busted. My drag aesthetic is just sexy and show girl. I've come from the city of showgirls. My look today was actually really inspired by this fashion designer Marco Marco. I love his stuff. It's not Marco Marco, but it's just inspired by him. I had to tint my hair hot pink because I bleached it too much and the split ends were kind of showing. So I had to kind of go in so real girls don't get too jealous of me. Hey. Well, I am Nina Bo'Nina Banana Fofana Osama on season 9 Brown. And honey, I am from South Carolina, but I do reside in Riverdale, Georgia. My first drag name was Beata Bitchass. And then it was Lady Guinevere, but people couldn't spell that. They would call me Lady Guinea Pig. I was sleeping one night and I had a dream. And somehow, the word Nina was just in my dream. I would use that name, go to the club. Somebody would say, come out, Nina Bo'Nina. And I'm like, OK. If 2 plus 2 equals 4, that makes sense to me. So that was Nina Bo'Nina and I said Brown. My aesthetic is hard to describe. Like really, I don't know how to describe myself. I don't know where I belong. I don't want to be in a box, either. And I feel like I'm a black queen who does things that a lot of black queens haven't really done. Even a lot of white queens. I can give you glam. I can give you sexy. I can give you crazy. I can give you a character. It's whatever I choose. I just don't want to be, like, a onenote queen. What inspired today's look was grape KoolAid. No, seriously. What does a video game, actually. A video game. I'm a big video player, I'm a nerd. I'm a guy. So anybody out there who plays some PlayStation, honey, bring it on. And in the game, you get to make your build your own characters. And there was this badass purple alien bitch. And I was like, cheekbones, lips, eyes, that's me. Kiddies, tune in because season 9 is going to be surprising and you are not going to know what to expect, baby. So get ready. My name is Peppermint and I'm 37 years old from New York City. I got my drag name because I was sitting in a parking lot with this guy I totally had a crush on. And I was eating my favorite candies, which are peppermints. And he just said, you know, you should call yourself Peppermint. I honestly would have done anything he said, and so I did. Peppermint's my name. It stuck. I've been doing drag for so long. And I have done lots in drag. I've done lots of shows. I've done lots of people. I've done it all. And I really wanted something new, something that challenged myself. And I think this is the perfect, perfect place to do that. My aesthetic is classy, chic, uptown flair, very urban, with a little bit of sex pot thrown in. Today's look, my hair is inspired by RuPaul herself from her Ho, Ho, Ho Christmas album. I think this is ho number two, this hair. And I just wanted to do something fabulous and flowy. And I'm giving a little bit of Endora from Bewitched. I want to be known for the confidence that I have with my drag being as equal to the confidence that I bring to my everyday life as a trans woman and win. The first transgender winner. That sounds great. Season 9 is going to be epic because I'm here. I'm a legend. I'm fierce, I'm fabulous, and I'm ready. My name is Sasha Velour. I'm 29 years old and I live in Brooklyn, New York. My drag name is my actual name, Sasha. That was the name I was born with. And my whole life, I've had people tell me that it's a girl's name. So the logical conclusion is just to become a girl. Velour is a cheap imitation fabric. It's more useful and more affordable than velvet. So I think it's the perfect metaphor for drag. I'm an intense competitor. I love to win. I love to take a challenge and transform it to really work for me. And I'm excited for this competition. To transform into my fabulous drag persona is about the physical ritual of painting my face and costuming my body and shaving off all the hair and strapping everything down. That ritual really does help me transform into this fabulous being that's so much more than just my body. It's my ideas and my imagination. I think that drag is the art form of the queer imagination. So it's all about beauty that goes beyond gender. It's about experimentation and remixing and combining different elements from different places. So it's just a hodgepodge of different fabulous and queer things that I love. Today's look is, like, '60s meets '20s. It's a bit of Philip Treacy, it's a bit of crazy, bald club kid. And it's my absolute favorite colors, red and pink and everything in between. Season 9 is going to be revolutionary. Hi, my name is Shea, Miss Coulee if you're nasty. I'm 27 years young and I'm from the Windy City. I got Shea because my middle name is Shea and in Swahili, it means beautiful boy. And I thought that that was appropriate and so I picked Coulee because I wanted to sound like a French supermodel. I'm gorgeous, I'm talented, I can sew, I can dance, I can act, I can sing. I can put my legs behind my head. I can speak French. You know, the list goes on and on. I'm known for being a really strong performer. I'm known for having a very editorial image online. I love fashion. I love clothing. I love modeling. And yeah, girl, I'm just sickening the house down, boots, Gaga, yes. My aesthetic is equal parts bougie and bangi. I woke up like this. So I mean, I just literally rolled out of bed and then walked my beautiful little black ass over here and sat in this chair. What is drag? I just wanted to give you African goddess realness, Queen Nefertiti. Yeah, I just wanted to give you a really good visual of what a true queen looks like. Up until this competition, I always downplayed myself in order to make people feel comfortable and less threatened. But now that I'm here, frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. So these girls better watch out. Season 9 is going to be unforgettable. Hi, I'm Trinity Taylor. I'm 3 years old. I'm originally from Birmingham, Alabama. And now, I reside in Orlando, Florida. I really liked Trinity from The Matrix. She was a bitch. She had a strong personality. She a strong look. And at the time, I was like, I want to be her. And so I would wear jet black hair with no hair line, just horrible. Looked like a brick. But that's who I thought I was. Yeah. I come from pageants, so I'm very competitive. I came here to win. So that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to claw my way to the top. Putting makeup on other people other than myself for my day job is kind of boring because it's all like, nude, beige, and more nude. You know, I like this. I like the glam, the glitter, rhinestones, big lashes. They don't let you do that. My aesthetic is fierce. I love fashion. I love body. I love beauty. I love hair. I love makeup. I love to be a transformation. I was inspired for this look, just this is my favorite color. I love blues. I love teals and turquoise. And I was thinking, I want to be a ferocious futuristic bitch. I want to be known for the fact that I'm very wellrounded. That I can sew, that I can do my makeup and hair, and still be nice to these other girls and help them out and still slay them. Because I'm that good. Hello, my name is Valentina. I live in Los Angeles, California, and I'm a little girl. My drag name came about it, it just like, snapped. It came to me. It sounded like a character out of a Pedro Almodovar film. It sounded like the protagonist from a telenovela. There's actually a salsa called Valentina. And also, I love Valentino and the color Valentino red. So I felt like Valentina was the perfect name. I'm glamorous, I'm Latina, I'm tall, I'm skinny, and luxury. I love luxury. And I'm a perfectionist and I strive for perfection. It's something that's impossible, but why not shoot for the stars? Getting into drag, I have a ritual. Getting in drag, the process, it's my favorite part. So I turn on my candles, I put on my music. I sip on a glass of wine and I just paint. And I enjoy it. And I take a really long time getting ready. I love to luxuriate in the moment and really get excited when it comes time to put my blush or my lip gloss. And now lashes. And girl, put those contacts on and, boom, the transformation is ready. I love to get ready. It's my favorite part of drag. Today's look is referencing Prada's last season, the spring/summer. I wanted to do a neoprene and I wanted the color to be mint and a inaudible. coat. I'm really going for, like, this fantasy of just kind of doing a modern take on '60s glamour with the spiky lashes and the teased hair. Get into it. Season 9 is going to be drama. Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race You'll be acting in 902Ho. cheering. Grandrea Zuckerwoman will be played by Aja. I don't want to be Grandrea. If it's going to be that tense, I'll take Grandrea. Action. Action. No wonder I'm addicted to speed. I'm addicted to speed, too. No, you're not. No, you're not. We're all going to the same college. We're gonna work together again. Nina Bo'nina Brown Carrington Colby. You weren't really selling the lines. Where are the cool people? Aja. You were playing the bitch, and it felt kind of flat for me. You basically handed Shea a moment to shine. Trinity Taylor, you're the winner of this week's challenge. Nina Bo'nina Brown, shantay, you stay. Aja, sashay away. Oh, that was a rough, rough one, honey. Whoo. Oh. I feel heartbroken. Aja was my Brooklyn boo, and I'm really, really gonna miss her. Love you guys. XOXO, Aja. Aw. Aw. Anybody got any Windex? laughs. The truth is, I'm thrilled to see the room thinning out because I know I'm the contender in this competition. Aren't y'all two neck and neck now? Well, I have two wins and she has a win and then a partnered win. Ooh! Ooh! But also, weren't you in the bottom two? And I never even landed in the bottom three, bitch. What's up? Oh. Ouch. Oh! all laugh. I'm kind of jealous. I want to win, too. 'Cause we're at the point now where if you haven't won at least one challenge, then why are you here? Well, how do you feel being told that you're perfect? Again. They told you you're perfect? One day, she'll run out of perfection. Yeah, we'd all like to be in the top, but the cookie doesn't always crumble that way. Thank you, JonBenet Ramsey. all laugh. At this point, there's only two girls who have not won any challenges yet, Peppermint and Farrah. That ain't a good thing. Hey, Farrah, thanks for looking like a drag queen today. all laugh. Peppermint's for sure in trouble, and Farrah's days are for sure numbered. Byebye, do not collect $200, no cab ride for you. Oh The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a oneyear supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100,000. With extra special guest judges Fortune Feimster and Tamar Braxton. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Hello, girls. It's today. Good morning. It's a new day, which means a new challenge. laughs. Hello, hello, hello. Oh! Oh! Ladies, I just came from the eye doctor, and she prescribed me these new reading glasses. And her timing couldn't have been better because in the great tradition of Paris Is Burning, it's time for the reading challenge. all laugh. Because reading is what? Fundamental. Fundamental. Thank you very much. Sasha Velour, come on down. Whoo. The library is open, darling. Okay. clears throat. Alexis Michelle, Broadway's calling. In this case, it's the one in Brooklyn where the whores work. all laugh. Shea Coulee, you remind me of my favorite movies. Your fashion, Coming To America, and your smile, Jurassic Park. all laugh. I'm so happy that we have on loan, from Madame Tussaud's RuPaul statue and Miss Trinity Taylor. Nina Bo'nina Brown, your pads are so big, you bend down to pick something up off the street and the garbage man says, who left this raggedy couch here? Goodwill pickup is on Sundays. all laugh. Farrah Moan, all those mens that buy you fancy designer shoes, they're not your boyfriends. They're called johns, and they're your employers. Ooh. Ooh. SheaShea Coulee, you sure are a scene stealer. I guess gnawing on set pieces explains those teeth. Ooh. Oh. That felt good. Valentina. Yeah. Your wardrobe sure does look expensive, but money can't buy talent. Ooh. Hey! Farrah. You really are the social media queen. Too bad you can't get a filter for that personality. Oh! Oh. Peppermint, you assassinated Cynthia in the lip sync, but did you have to practice on your wardrobe? Haha! Nina Bo'nina Brown Jurassica Parker. Hey, sis. You've had some ups and downs in this competition, and I cannot wait to read it all in your biography Fifty Shades of Ashy. all laugh. Alexis Michelle, you're oh, so Broadway but you're also very broad. Trinity Taylor, I once told you that you're so beautiful inside and out. I lied, you ugly stripper. all laugh. Ladies, we're going to do an exercise. Everybody raise your arms up to the sky. And, Shea, this is for you. One word deodorant, bitch! all laugh. Peppermint, you need one. all laugh. I told y'all she's sneaky. Oh, my God, I hate doing this kind of stuff. I know. Sasha all laugh. You and Ru have a lot in common. He's bald, you bald. He wear glasses, you wear glasses. He's rich Never mind. all laugh. Alexis, you're like a BMW. Body made wrong. Oh! Valentina, you think you're Miss Venezuela, but you're more like Miss QuinceaÃ±era. Oh, man. Alexis Michelle, Pillsbury called. They want their rolls back. Ooh. Oh. Okay, that's all I got. Thank you, Farrah Moan. Farrah. I can't do that. Oh, you did. The library is officially closed. Now, you're all avid readers, but one of you is the head librarian. Valentina. Oh, you did it! You've won a fournight stay for you and a guest at the Saguaro Palm Springs. Oh, I love Palm Springs. Now, reading one another do take nerve, but you need titanium balls and tits to read a legendary queen. So for this week's maxi challenge, we're bringing back The RuPaul Roast. Oh. Oh. RuPaulRoast. But this time, our guest of dishonor won't be me. The person you'll be roasting is Michelle Visage. all cheer. And get this. She has no idea. gasps. Oh, my God. Now, Valentina, since you won the reading challenge, you'll decide the order of the presenters. And a word of warning, ladies. Michelle never forgets. evil laugh. So don't fuck it up. applause. Whoo! Here we go, y'all. What are you thinking, Valentina? Do you know what order you want to go in? I want to go just somewhere in the middle. Valentina, I know that, like, first and last are like the hardest positions, and I don't mind either one of them. Okay. So going first, it's going to be Shea. All right. Second is going to be Sasha. Okay. Third is going to be the one and only me. Going fourth, Trinity. Fifth, Farrah. Sixth, Peppermint. Seventh, Nina Bo'nina Brown. And closing our show is Alexis. Time for us to start writing jokes. Be clever. That's the goal. Here's a tip. Don't make it about my body. Oh, my Lord. I was surprised. You guys came from anything to do with my size. I just, like, would have preferred not to do with body image. So that's all I have to say about that. People, we can't be sensitive. It's a comedy challenge. Girl, get over it. You knew people were going to read you. You made fun of other people. Calm down. You're a drag queen, honey. I'm sorry about my joke. I don't want you to feel that I think it's okay to make you feel that way. I feel like right now, Alexis is in her head, and I'm concerned that she's not going to take it far enough. And for a roast to be good, you gotta go all the way. Coming up Everybody's nervous. Oh. Oh. No digo nada. Bye, bitch. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Oh. Oh, my God. We have to do a roast of Michelle Visage. Oh, my fucking God. Everybody's nervous. Aja, you might have got lucky getting out of here. I am frozen, and I'm not even talking about my face. So I have my pen in one hand and I have my hand on a piece of paper, and I just think. And nothing. Oh Virgen de Gaudalupe, por favor, ayÃºdame en este momento porque no digo nada. Girl, Guadalupe ain't gonna write these jokes for you. You gotta do it for your own self, girl. So get to work. whimpers. Hello. Hi! Hello. Hi. I brought Ross to help you with your material. This is my first time ever in the workroom. Do you know that? You're kidding. Oh, my goodness, well, welcome. It's just like I pictured it. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. Hi, gentlemen. Hi. Now, a little birdie told me that you were a little miffed off by the reading challenge. I just thought some of my sisters could have come up with more original material. Oh. You were more disappointed than miffed. No, the truth is, Ru, body image has been something I've struggled with for a lot of my life. And I have talked with my sisters and they know what I've struggled with. That's why it was a little bit, um, hurtful. So you feel like it's okay for you to make fun of someone else, but not someone else to make fun of you. Um, look, I will try, you know, whenever I come for anybody on that runway, to make sure that we're all laughing together. Right. But that's the thing about comedy. You know, a lot of times, especially people who've been through hell and high water with an issue, the only way to get through it is to friggin' laugh at it. Laugh at it, that's true. Mmhmm. 'Cause look, you survived. Yeah. Have you ever done comedy before? I have. Actually, at my weekly show, I spend a lot of time on the mic. And you're actually going last in the lineup. How do you feel about that? I honestly was ready to open her and set the tone or close her out and, uh, let them eat cake. Okay. All right. Well, listen, you have experience in this. A lot of the other girls don't. And because you do, we're going to need you to bring it extra. All right. We'll see you out there. Make us laugh. See you. Bye. Hey, Farrah Moan. Oh, hi. Now, you did the reading earlier. How'd that go for you? Honestly, I really didn't like doing it. You know, I did go for a low blow with Alexis Michelle and it did not feel good. Now, are you more worried about what other people will think of you? I just am more worried about staying true to my integrity and not hurting anyone. You're 2. What kind of integrity do you have? laughs. I get it. I would go on Chelsea Lately all the time, and that show was really about tearing down Hollywood. And my nature is to be nice, so I'd be the one in the corner going, but I like Jessica Simpson, you know, trying to Oh But it can be done. Lube her up a little bit. Yeah. You know what I mean? I love you, Michelle, but Uhhuh, uhhuh. I'm the biggest fan of Michelle Visage, but Yeah, exactly. Then it's not as mean. Totally. Except it's totally mean. Yeah, right. Now, you haven't won any challenges. I know. Because at this point in the competition, if you haven't won any challenges, you may wind up in the bottom. Oh, don't say that, Ru. You gotta come for it. Okay? All right, make us laugh. Yeah. Byeee. Byeee. laughs. Hey, PepPepPeppermint. Hey, yo, yo, Ru. Hi. How are you? Ross, hey, baby. Good to see you. Now, obviously, Michelle is the target of this roast. Does this scare you? Does this excite you? It scares the shit out of me. Tell me about it. I've never roasted anyone before. Are you a funny queen? I think so. I mean, I think people will laugh. I think you are, but so far in this competition, you've had some trouble getting out of the gate, so to speak. I feel like it's more like crossing the finish line. Okay, all right. Ding, ding, dong. Are you hungry for a win? I'm starving, and this is the time. Well, that's up to you. All right, thanks, Peppermint. Sasha Velour. Hi, guys. Now, you're very smart. You're intellectual. How are you going to pull off a gutter roast? I feel like my worries about not being funny have been getting in my way. Are you funny in life? That's the big question. I make people laugh, but in my shows, my edge is that it's serious and analytical and has a bit of philosophy and politics. You gotta use what you got. Maybe you can use this sort of intellectual thing to make fun of yourself and then go after Michelle. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Now, how's the joke writing coming along? I'm having some writer's block with this one. Well, time's running out. I know. Have you written any jokes? I've written the words mutton dressed as lamb. all laugh. Which could apply to a lot of people. Yeah. This is going to be very interesting. Just make sure you make us laugh. Absolutely. And don't forget, please, make us laugh. all laugh. See you. See you. All right, listen up, pretty girls. Roast them good, ladies. Mmhmm. laughs. Let's go, Ross. Okay, bye. Bye, bye, bye. Whoo! So mutton is old sheep. Okay, okay, okay. And lamb is baby sheep. But also people use it to describe when someone who is old is dressing to appear younger. Okay. Mmmm. both laugh. Bye, bitch. laughs. Coming up We challenged our queens to perform in the second RuPaul Roast, but our guest of honor isn't going to be me. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. This week's maxi challenge is the RuPaul Roast and this time, we'll be roasting Michelle Visage. Farrah? Yes. I'm sorry I insinuated you were a prostitute. Oh, thank you, baby. I'm sorry I made fun of your rolls, and I'm sorry for bringing it up now. all laugh. I'm sure that your johns are really lovely people. Oh. Whoo! Whoo! Okay, girl. all laugh. There's moments, you guys, where, like, there's a joke said and then everybody laughs and I look around and just start, like, laughing to blend in. all laugh. That was my experience. When I first lived in Russia, humor in another language is so challenging. How long did you live there? I lived there for, like, two and a half years altogether. Oh, my God. I got stuck in Moscow. I was presenting female and my ID does not match. And I was in Moscow airport for a connection, I think, like 30 minutes. This was eight months ago. Oh, my God. And so we land and we're supposed to go to the little transfer desk or whatever. And the woman, she didn't speak any English, and she just kept looking at my ID and looking at me. And it was clear that she was disagreeing with the fact that my ID looked male and I looked female. Okay, so that's what it was. So she detained me. Oh, my. That's really terrifying. I was terrified to the point where I had to snatch my own wig off my head in the line with all these people. Oh, my God. Just to prove to her that I'm this is me and please let me go in. It was so humiliating. That's really a tragedy. There's a lot of gender fear in Russia. Yeah. I feel for her. When I was living in Russia, I had to disguise myself. I couldn't be Sasha Velour. I had to think carefully about what clothes I was wearing, how I moved my body. Queer people in Russia are living in an oppressive system. I just have to keep in mind that it doesn't take away my womanhood. Amen. Awoman. all laugh. RuPaul laughs. Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe, let your whole body talk And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Michelle Visage, it's roasting time. Hope you brought a pig. I sure did. snort snort. From Hollywood Today Live, the hilarious Ross Mathews. Are you ready to be read, for filth? Good thing I brought my saniwipes. Eew. all laugh. Writer, actress, comedienne Fortune Feimster. I hope you have a thick skin. Yeah, and I'm extra crispy. all laugh. And Drag Race favorite of alltime. com, Tamar Braxton. Hey, girl. Hi, darling. laughs. This week, we challenged our queens to perform in the second ever RuPaul Roast. But this time, our guest of honor isn't going to be me. I've challenged our queens to roast Michelle Visage. Oh. What? Surprise! No. Bitch. It takes one to know one. all laugh. With cool cocktails provided by Micky's West Hollywood, let's get this Michelle roast started. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. Coming up It's me, Mother Maybelline Nina Bo'nina Banana Fofana Osama bin Laden Brown's great aunt. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. cheers and applause. Welcome to the second annual RuPaul's Roast. This year, we are really switching things up. Instead of RuPaul, we are going to roast a man of true charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent. Michelle laughs. Unfortunately, he was unavailable, so it's going to be Michelle Visage. Michelle, we know you for being a kind, patient shero. And gonorrhea clinics know you as Patient Zero. all laugh. Girl, you have had more shit in you than a urinal at Dodger Stadium. The only difference is they get cleaned up after a grand slam. Well, ladies and gentlemen, just remember, if you liked my performance, my name is Shea Coulee. And if you hated it, it's Nina Bo'nina Brown. all laugh. cheers and applause. Thank you, Shea Coulee. That was extremely edifying humor. Uh, sorry, am I using that word correctly? Not edifying. I know that one. It was humor that I wasn't sure worked in this context. Tonight, we really do have an opportunity to salute empowering representation in the media. We have an out and proud lesbian comedian. Thank you so much, Ross Mathews. all laugh. Ross Mathews has the face of a young gay man and the voice of an adult woman. So the opposite of Tamar Braxton. all laugh. Bitch. I'm gonna get yo ass. It's now come time to talk about Michelle Visage herself. Michelle is so Jersey, her idea of classical music is Lisa Lisa. Hey! Michelle Visage is so Jersey, she calls her pubic hair the Garden State Expressway. And let's not even get started on the Holland Tunnel. Whoo. Michelle Visage is I have more of these. Michelle Visage is so Jersey, she wanted to call her second child White Flight. Oh, well. That one worked in my mind. And now, a queen who combines all the excitement of smiling with the thrill of just standing there. all laugh. Give it up for Valentina. cheers and applause. Mama RuPaul, you are the shadiest queen because you let Michelle Visage look so busted on Season 3 and 4 and 5 and 6 and 7 and 8. all laugh. And girl, that's your friend. That's fucked up. Michelle is such a cochina that she knows how to say and spell harder in six different languages. Michelle, you is such a tiredass ho that when you got carpal tunnel from giving out free hand job, she just became lefthanded. I'm so confused. Ross, you're just so cute and so sweet. You just remind me of a cute hamster. I just want to shove you up my butt. Boo! exaggerated drawl. Thank you, Paydro, mowee beein. (muy bien) Please excuse the way I'm dressed. I have to go feed the chickens after this, and I didn't want to wear my good things. I sometimes even have to wrestle a few of them. Michelle, you know all about wrestling cocks, don't you? I think we have a lot in common, from the same tastes in hairspray to the same units of Botox fillers, lips, tucks, nips and hips. Michelle, every time I walk the runway, you have this pungent look on your face, kind of like you got to shit. I reckon they have some laxatives for that. Just a secret. We all poop. applause. Let's get this roast acookin'. clears throat. Can we please put our hands together for the one, the only Michelle Visage's breasts? They're the real star of the show. Sorry, RuPaul. Hmm. I find it hilarious that Michelle Visage judges a talent competition. I don't know about you, but don't you actually have to have talent to do that? Ha. And I'm pretty sure having one song in the nineties that no one even remembers doesn't qualify you to be a judge on such a big TV show. Good thing she's been sucking RuPaul's dick for so long. Oh. Whoo! Oh, and we've got Tamar Braxton in the house. Taymar Braxton. However you say it. She's Toni Braxton's less talented, more annoying sister. clears throat. Anyways, now that Michelle's dick breath has stunk up this entire stage, I'd like to introduce our next minty contestant, Peppermint. cheers and applause. Hey, y'all. Thank you, Farrah Moan. all laugh. Ross, everyone says that your voice is annoying and highpitched, but I actually love the sound of your voice right now. laughs. Shh! Don't talk, don't talk. Michelle Visage, Michelle, Michelle. Not since Destiny's Child has a Michelle become so famous for riding somebody else's coattails. all laugh. RuPaul, all smiles, Ross, all smiles, Michelle, poker face. No, seriously. Someone poke her face. It doesn't even move. Michelle says no to everything. Michelle, you like my dress? No. You like my makeup? No. Bitch, where the hell were you when somebody asked you if you wanted to write that book? all laugh. It's a great book, Michelle. Said no one. all laugh. Honestly, I fell in love with you, Michelle, watching you and RuPaul on VH, and I'm so honored to share this moment with you, so thank you. Happy 90th birthday, Michelle. cheers and applause. Hey, babies. It's me, Mother Maybelline Nina Bo'nina Banana Fofana Osama bin Laden Brown's great aunt. Coming all the way from the lions, tigers and bears, and sheep of the Lord Missionary Baptist Church. Praise the Lord. Moving on to the man of the hour, RuPaul's secretary Michelle Visayge. You know, Michelle, your face reminds me of my hip. Stiff. Oh, Jesus. What's your name, baby? laughter and groans. You are a whole lotta woman. Mmhmm. Well, we normally save the best for last, but in this case, we had to settle for Alexis Michelle. applause. Oh, Michelle, Michelle, Michelle. In honor of your big night, I wore your favorite color, girl. laughs. Um We have so much in common, Michelle. We have the theater running in our veins, Michelle. You also have several venereal diseases running through yours, but that's besides the point. laughs. But, you know, you're also an inspiration to me, Michelle. As thin as you have become, one area has stayed the same, unchanged. It's a Hanukkah miracle, Baruch HaShem. Oh, my goodness, Fortune. You also know about playing second fiddle. You've been playing bullshit to Chelsea Handler's alcoholic WASP for ages now. Now, Michelle, I have to congratulate you on really being able to take the piss. Just ask the UK men's water polo team. Okay. She loves water sports. She loves the UK. And we love you, mama. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. It's been real. Good night, everybody. scattered applause. This is not a happy ending. And it don't help that you look like She Hulk. Coming up The jokes, they seemed more like observations. You just looked like you were going to throw up. This is a roast. You go hard or go home. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome, ladies. I've made some decisions. Nina Bo'nina Brown Earl Jones. Valentina. You ladies are safe. You may leave the stage. Now it's time for the judges' critiques. Let's start with Shea Coulee. I know a thing or two about being somebody's opening act. Yeah. And, you know, you just set the tone, you know, to be funny, to be original. And your jokes were really funny. I'm probably gonna steal them and put them in my next special. Have them. Thank you. You did a great job. Thank you. Next up, Sasha Velour. When you started the roast, I think you were way too smart for the room. But the minute you started laying into me, it was friggin' genius. You have a very specific POV. You know, what does a roast look like through Sasha's eyes? And I think you gave us that tonight. Trinity Taylor. What I liked was that you had a character. Mowee beein. But everything else didn't work for me. You didn't have the jokes. I think even before you got up there, you just looked like you were gonna throw up, and you still kind of have that look. It's the Botox, I promise. Oh, okay. See, that's funny. And, like, I would have liked to have seen you sort of trust yourself more. Up next, Farrah Moan. Farrah, nothing landed, honey. If you're gonna be harsh, it has to land. And I think everything that came out of your mouth was harsh. That's not a bad thing. It's a roast. But you gotta follow it up with a punch line. People have to laugh. Yeah, I fucked up. I wouldn't call it fucked up, but I would call it fucked up. Okay. Because we identified the problem in the workroom. You said being mean is not my nature. But if you don't like to say that person sucks, you can say, I love Michelle so much, I was dying to meet her. And she was exactly like I'd hoped she'd be, horrible in every way. It would have been a POV that none of the other girls had. All right, up next, PepPepPeppermint. So by the time you came up, I was hungry for just a good piece of roast, and you served it. I was like Ross, just waiting for somebody to just come out there and bring the energy. And you just killed it. And you look beautiful. It just all works for me tonight. I would totally take you to prom. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. My question the whole entire time is why is she green? Well, Tamar, have you ever watched the show? But going green like you did, I expected like a Broadway thing 'cause you look like Elphaba. And then, like, this Jersey accent comes out. She likes water sports. I was like, I don't know what to do with these two things. I literally forgot there was an audience here. That's how silent they were. And the jokes, they seemed more like observations. You were almost too soft. Yeah. It was like you were afraid of hurting us. This is a roast. You go hard or go home. Thank you, ladies. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. car engine starts. All right, now just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Shea Coulee. I thought she set a great tone. She didn't shy away from her jokes. I was a fan. But on the runway, is it the most creative look we've ever seen? Sasha Velour. I was panicked for her. Then she got this formula that she just inserted the jokes in and it worked. The way she was like analytical at first didn't bother me because it worked with her outfit, and she was funny on top of that. You know, she was really smart about being smart. Yeah, it was a real breakthrough moment for her. Trinity Taylor. The father, the son and the holy ghost. Yeah. We're not with Trinity. No. Not today. The jokes just weren't strong enough. Yeah. It was road kill. laughs. That's good eatin'. But the outfit was on point. It was super cute. I'm from North Carolina, so I felt like she fit right in with my white trash people. Farrah Moan. I thought she reminded me of Marilyn Monroe when she did the whole birthday thing for JFK. And I thought she was gonna come up and do her whole character breathy. like this and it would've been funny. But what it came across as a really nervous kid who came to tell people off in a harsh way. You know, it hit me. She would be perfect at doing Elvira. She's got the same sort of vocal cadence. You know, the fact that everybody's like, oh, you look like this, you look like this means probably who she really is isn't coming through. I think Fortune brought up such a good point. She doesn't know who she is. At all. She knows she's a cute girl and can wear pretty clothes. Yeah. But there's nothing more than that yet. All right. So let's move on to Peppermint. Tonight she was really funny. Not only was she funny, but she looked probably the best we've ever seen her. She was literally a smiling assassin. Really, seriously. From the hair, the makeup, the gown, to the funny jokes, I really, really enjoyed her. Like, she was really the highlight of the evening to me. Alexis Michelle, the Green Mile. all laugh. For to come out here with her whole body green, I was just trying to figure out, what? Who in the hell left the gate open? You know what I'm saying? Like, what we gonna get? It was a long way to go for a oneword joke. Michelle doesn't like green, so I painted my body except for my feet. all laugh. It just was misguided. Yeah. Confused. I actually drew a picture, look, on my notes, of a bomb. Oh, my goodness. But we know what Alexis can do because she has delivered in the Snatch Game, as Kris Jenner. But she chose this position to go last. That's a big swing, and it was a big miss. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Shea Coulee, you're safe. You may join the other girls. Thank you. Sasha Velour, you're smarty, arty, and tonight, you turned the party. Peppermint, we finally got a taste of the real Peppermint, and we loved it. Peppermint, condragulations. You're the winner of this week's challenge. applause. Aah! You've won a fiveyear membership with Squarespace, which includes a consultation with their design team for your own personal website and online shop. Thank you. And Sasha Velour, you're safe. The two of you may join the other girls. applause. Trinity Taylor, your barnyard humor did not make us go, hey, girl, hey. Farrah, tonight you made us moan, but for all the wrong reasons. Alexis Michelle, tonight you proved it's not easy being green, and comedy is even harder. Trinity Taylor You're safe. sighs. You may join the other girls. whispers. Thank you. Farrah Moan, Alexis Michelle, I'm sorry, my dears, but you are up for elimination. My heart is racing. Getting to Drag Race has been an eightyearlong journey, and feeling like this might be the end of that journey is devastating. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come thunder. to lip sync echoing. for your life. I just have to take a deep breath and focus, because this is it. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. music plays. You look at me that way I know what your eyes say Your eyes reflect love and desire I see that you need me I need you to please me You touch me and set me on fire I cannot resist you Each time I kiss you Then everything goes up in flames Baby, I'm burning out of control Baby, I'm burning body and soul Hot as a pistol of flaming desire Baby, I'm burning You got me on fire Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning out of control Baby, I'm burning body and soul Hot as a pistol of flaming desire Baby, I'm burning You got me on fire Baby, I'm burning out of control Baby, I'm burning You got me on fire applause. Whoo! Ladies, I've made my decision. Alexis Michelle, shantay, you stay. You may join the other girls. Thank you. Farrah Moan, you're a beautiful queen with a big future. Shine on, showgirl. Now sashay away. Thank you guys so much. applause. I am so proud of myself for never letting go of my dream, but I've got a lot more to learn. It's been nice, L. A. , but now it's time for me to go cook in Vegas. Oh. My queens, condragulations. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? Amen! All right. Now let the music play. Hey, kitty girl It's your world Hey, kitty, kitty girl Whoaohoh Previously on All Stars You'll be performing our very own VH Divas Live. cheering . Happy New Year, everybody. all laugh . Should be criminal Don't make sense for a bitch to be this endowed all laugh . Kennedy. Janet is a very specific kind of move. You could have worked a little harder. Thorgy Thor. I felt like I was looking at Thorgy with a blonde wig on. I was in character the entire time. It's stupid. sobs . I think that's a lot of emotion for safe. Shangela, you're a winner, baby. Yay! Thank you. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? I know what it's like to come back to this competition and be sent home again without getting the crown. The person I've chosen to send home Is Thorgy. Oh, Jesus. Gross. Thorgy, sashay away. Whoo! Oh, my God. Halleloo, am I right, ladies? That is not a halleloo moment. Oh. Oh. laughs . Oh! She put a penis and balls. Ms. Thorgy drew the a very like, you know, a picture of what the laughs . She drew a picture. Wow. I don't like that. No, that see, that makes me mad. I don't like that. That's just not right. She's a clown. She's It's a joke, obviously. No, I don't get it. But because you're not a clown. Well, you look like a clown right now, but No, no, no. That's not right at all. I'm devastated because I don't quite see Kennedy taking drag to an all star level quite like I thought Thorgy could. That just means, I guess, Kennedy will have to be sent home next week. Maybe her feelings are hurt right now, so, you know, if that's how she feels, I don't hold it against her at all. I do. Here's to Thorgy, everybody. We love you, Thorgy. Love you, Thorgy. Drag is fun! Drag is fun. Thorgy was a sheet in the wind, Mama. Whatever way it could've blown, she would've gone. I need loyal people on my team, because, baby, if Daenerys is gonna conquer the seven kingdoms, she's gonna need allies. Me and my dragons can't do it alone. All right, Ben. Show us some lipstick. I also chose Thorgy. What did you base your decision on? sighs . It was a really hard decision. I mean, it was, like, at the final moment, like, the final determining factor, um Oh, BenDeLa, I see the wheels turning. She's calculating. She's careful about every word she says because she has a reputation to uphold. I don't know. Did you even say what your determining factor was? Oh, why it's gotta be me? I was happy it was on you. You get $0,000, so you have to say it first. There's a lot of reasons, but, Thorgy, yes, she did have a smaller role, but there was opportunity for her, in my eyes, like mine, I had Mariah But Let me finish. When I saw what I had, I put my own elements in there. Stevie is not current. It's difficult to compare that to Mariah. Oh, I'm not comparing her to Mariah. I feel there were no gags in the music part of Stevie Nicks. Oh, Miss Big and Milky, honey. Season 3, Shangy would have picked up my cocktail and threw it on that ho, but as Beyonce has taught me, I should be a more evolved, grown woman. I just feel like I'm having to defend, not explain, my decision specifically to you. Correct me if I'm wrong. Just let me know. So tell me what choice would you have made? I think I would have chosen Thorgy to stay. I find Thorgy's concepts and her looks much more exciting. I mean, let's just not sit here and act like I didn't do shit to deserve to be called. I'm not saying that. Fuck my drag, right? Because basically that's what you saying, and you talking like I'm not even here. If I'm not your cup of tea, then, baby, don't drink it, Miss Milk. Everybody's gonna go home basically, and we can't be sitting here getting mad about who's going home, who's not going home. It's not about mad, it's about being an adult. Step your pussy down, Kennedy. Take a breath. inhales . The tension on this sofa is tight. I'm so happy I'm not in this feud. It seems like this divas' battle ain't over yet. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars receives a oneyear supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, a coveted spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame, and a cash prize of $100,000. With extraspecial guest judges UnREAL's Constance Zimmer and Jeffrey BowyerChapman. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Happy New Year, everybody. Hi, there. Oh, I guess we're going this way. Another day in the workroom. You get up, you walk in, you step over the body of a dead friend, and you just move along. Who's sore? I am so sore. This is what a twotime winner looks like, people. Two. Two in a row, Ben. Well, but this is what I've learned from my first experience here is that every time you hear that you're in the top, that is the sound of that rollercoaster click, click, click, click, click, click, click. And you never know when it's gonna go like this. siren . Hey! Whoo! Whoo! She done already done had hers. Hey, um, can I steal you for a second? I'm starting to feel a real connection with you. Me, too! But for this relationship to go to the next level, I just really need you to open up. all laugh . whispering . Rosebud. Oh, my God. Aah! laughs . Hello, hello, hello! Hi! Hi! Hi, ladies! Hi, Ru! Oh, my goodness. Now, for this week's maxi challenge, you'll be improving your way through a funny little dating show we call The Bitchelor. all laugh . You'll be doing unscripted comedy with our bitchelor played by the dreamy star of UnREAL, Jeffrey BowyerChapman. Ooh, yes! Oh, yeah. Now, to make things extra twisted, I'm going to assign each of you a date partner and a funny personality type to play. Aja and Kennedy, you'll be going on a twoonone date. All right. Kennedy, you'll be the party girl, and Aja, you'll be playing the super needy girl, so insecure it hurts. Oh. Trixie and Milk, you'll be working together. Trixie, you'll be the fake bitch. All right. Milk, you'll be the psycho stalker. BeBe and BenDeLa, you'll go on a date with Jeffrey. BenDeLaCreme, you'll be the cougar. Naturally. BeBe, you'll be the shy virgin. Oh. You tell everybody you're pure, but you secretly want to lose it. And finally, Chi Chi and Shangela, you are our polyamorous duo. all laugh . Chi Chi, you're more into the bitchelor, and Shangela, you're more into Chi Chi. Hi, Boo. Now, remember, the first rule of improv is to always agree, to say yes to everything. For example, when I ask Does this Klein Epstein Parker suit make my ass look juicy? You say All Yes. You got it. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best All Star win. cheers and applause . How do you feel about improv? I do not consider myself, like, a comedian per se. I'm excited. In Season , we never had the opportunity to do improv. The character I'm playing is the virgin, and I was, like, what about if this girl is an African princess? Come on, now. You can just make her really funny. I would like to approach my character like somebody fresh off the boat from Africa. Yeah. Because in our culture, it's like you have to be married to be able to, you know You have to be married to be able to have laughs . I mean, it's I can't even spell out the words because it's like this girl But how would you establish the idea specifically of virginity other than that you're not married? I think that what they're gonna be looking for in here is gonna be like being so over the top with it. Right. What they want here is like campy, you know? Yeah. But this is hard to go extreme being a virgin and being shy. I'm feeling really worried about BeBe's choices around her character. BeBe, up to this point, has just been kind of poised and regal, so we'll see if she can get down with being goofy. If it were me, I would go with the more traditional kind of like like, buttonedup Catholic, kind of like, I only do anal because that still makes me a virgin kind of thing. That would be very funny, honey, but no. I want my character to be so fucking crazy that she's like bat shit crazy, that she will do anything. And don't forget insecurity, too. Well, yeah, she's insecure. Yeah. But that's the point. You're so insecure you become crazy. Okay. Like I will fake cry. I will put some Visine tears. cries . A needy girl is easy for me. My strategy is to give you a lot of moaning, aww, and a lot of, like, crying sounds. Aah! I'm just gonna be crazy and needy, kind of like a rich bitch, like, vibe. Ugh. I don't think she understands her character not one bit. Rich bitch, religious fish. I used to be a Christian for attention fish. sighs . We don't know what he's gonna give us. But whatever he says, we will think of the right response. Right. And he's super dreamy. Oh, my God. And so I would stalk him, actually. Yeah. No kidding. Psychotically. I feel good about playing the stalker bitch because it's sort of like an easy transition into this role, because before I started dating my boyfriend, I stalked him on MySpace, and just, like, check out who his friends were, and that sort of led me to, like, becoming friends with his friends, and then being friends with his friends led me to meeting him. So I'm very confident about my role as psycho stalker number one. Hi, what's your name? Hi, I'm Chi Chi DeVayne, and, yeah. I mean, I'm justgirl, I don't know how to do it. Come on, you got it, you got it. I don't consider myself to be a comedian or an actress and all that. So looking at the other girls, I'm getting so intimidated. Like, girl, are you going to be able to perform at that level? How are you gonna play your character? What do you mean? YouI mean How's she gonna talk? How's she gonna act? I am shittin bricks. I don't know if I can come up with that kind of funny just right off the bat. Hi, I'm, you know, Chi Chi DeVayne, and Oh, she's the proper English. She might be from England, but she still sound like she from Crenshaw, too. Shangela's super funny and good at improv. If anything, I can see her bulldozing Chi Chi. I would not want to be in a group with Shangela to be honest with you. Yeah. Do you think people say that about you and I? laughs . Probably not. When Celine doesn't win, she cries. After last week, I think I've learned that being safe is clearly not okay for me. Even though I thought I was really impressive last week, I'mnow is the time to prove myself, and if I don't, and if I'm safe, then I'm probably gonna cry about it again. Coming up Are you ready for the romantic adventure of your life? Oh. Ooh, we here. Ooh. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Okay, places, everyone! Places, everyone! fuck it up. Oh, and don't I'm Jeffrey, and I'm here to find the love of my life. This is not gonna be easy, but it never is in this game we call love. Jeffrey BowyerChapman, are you ready for the romantic adventure of your life? Oh, I just want this to be real, you know what I mean? Oh, yeah. I know exactly what you mean. Do I have something on my face? Oh, look, here comes the first girl. Good luck. Thanks, Ru. My name is BeBe Zahara Benet. Hi. And I'm all the way from Africa. And I came to America to find my prince. Hi, Jeffrey. You can look me in the eye, you know? laughs . Ooh, he's a handsome man, and I bet you he has the big laughs . Oh. Can I tell you a little secret? Please, yes. I'm still a virgin. I have a special flower. Well, maybe I can take a little sniff later. chuckles . We'll see you inside. Thank you. That's totally unnecessary. Wildly unnecessary. Thank you very much, BeBe. Well, hello there, handsome. Whoa. Wow. I don't have a sugar daddy, I've never had a sugar daddy, if I wanted a sugar daddy, yes I could probably go out and get one, because I am what?? SICKENING. You could never have a sugar daddy because YOU ARE NOT THAT KIND OF GIRL. Baby everything I have I have worked for and gotten myself, I've built my self from the ground up. YOU DUCKING BOTCH My name is BenDeLaCreme. Who's a big boy? You're a big boy. And I'm here to land me a boyman. I'm BenDeLaCreme. Nice to meet you BenDeLa. Thank you. You don't have to call me BenDeLa. Okay. What should I call you? My friends call me Bedtime BD, because I like to tuck a big boy in nightnight. laughs . You can just go on inside to the house. I'll meet you inside in a few minutes, all right? Thank you so much! You're a beautiful driver. I really appreciate it. Oh, my God, that taxi was disgusting. It smelled like a barn. He was gross, he was late, he drove like a maniac. Hi, I'm Trixie Mattel. I'm 27 years old, and I'm from sunny West Hollywood. And some people might say I'm fake, but those people are alcoholics. He's not even that good looking. I have to go. Hi. Hi. Oh, my God, you're even cuter in person than you are on TV. Oh, that's very sweet of you. You kind of have, like, this sexy, like, Denzel, like, Gilbert Godfried, like, but, like, sensual, do you know what I mean? Uh I like my men like I like my coffee incapable of loving me back. sighs . Bye, Jason! Sorry, it's Jared. Jeff. Jeffrey. I'm Milk. I'm from New York City. I kind of move around a lot in life for legal reasons. Is it okay if I step out? I know this is less than 500 feet. Some people say I'm, like, psycho, but I just say I'm really passionate about love. giggles . Nice to meet you Ooh, okay. I'm his biggest fan, and it's unreal to see the star of UnREAL. I'm in love. I have to open it myself. My name is Aja, and this is Woofy. Woof. Oh. He's the only person who actually stays by my side. Oh, my God! When I first saw Jeffrey, I just knew from that moment that I would do anything to have him. I will kill someone. Can you believe they made me open the door by myself? I didn't even close it. Should I go close it? I think maybe you better close it. I don't do anything for myself, but for you I'll do anything. Thank you, Aja. It's a pleasure. You don't love me. I'm gonna make you love me. Ooh, we here. Ooh! Ooh, it's big. Ooh, I hope he cute. bleep . laughs . Hi. My name is Kennedy. I'm from West Dallas, and I'm here to meet my man. Ooh, you is fine. Thank you. Ooh, yes, honey. I love to party, too. Hold on one second. Okay. Okay, all right. You come prepared. As I'm looking into Jeffrey's eyes, I just get so moist inside. I gotta have his baby. You better be watching. Keep watching. laughs . Mm! Honey, look at the sperm count on this one! Come on out here, baby. Ooh. I'm Shangela. And I'm Chi Chi. I am looking for love with my partner because we like to be polyamorous. I love limos. This is a very progressive coupling that's going on here. Oh, you have insurance? You said Progressive. No, I do. Now look at the size on this one. Ooh, he look like he got a big one, too. Yes, he does. Let's measure it. Yeah, she likes big heads. laughs . How is your head, by the way? Oh, you have to ask my wife. Chi Chi and I usually have very good luck. I mean, look at Chi Chi. She's stacked like a brick house. I like bricks. We'll see you inside. It's nice to meet you both. Uhhuh. exhales . Coming up No, those are balls. laughs . Have you ever taken out a catheter? laughs . My dream date is whatever mother wants me to have. Ugh. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. All right, ladies. It's time for your twoonone dates. Stay in character, go with the flow, and don't talk over each other. This is the weirdest group of girls I have ever seen, and I like it. I like weird. So how you feeling? Well, I'm scared and a little bit horny. Nice. Mm. So are you ready for your twoonone date? I'm as ready as I'll ever be, Ru. Well, good luck. Ladies, are you hungry? Oh, my goodness. I thought we could get to know each other over a couple snacks. Oh, that's totally unnecessary, but thank you. Would you like to try a chocolatecovered strawberry? This is one of my favorite delicacies. Let me just pull off my shoes, because a man cannot feed me with shoes on. Oh, right, right. Oh, oh, that's beautiful. I'm just insatiable tonight. I can't get enough. Oh, I can tell Oh, wow. That looks delicious. laughs . Oh, my gosh. Oh! This is perfect for a widdle baby wike you. All premashed. Jeffrey, look at me. You like it? Yes, you're beautiful, absolutely. giggles . Gorgeous. Thank you. BeBe is just kind of there. It'smeh. Have you ever taken out a catheter? laughs . I can't say that I have. BenDeLaCreme, she is old. That is a dirty woman. Mmmm. I don't know if you're looking for a woman like me, like the woman who is clean, clean down there. Are you looking for a woman that's clean or are you looking for a woman that's dirty? Um Remember, I already ate this once before. Yeah. laughs . If Jeffrey needs a warm bosom to press himself against at night, I'm the wrong gal because these don't feel temperature. We'll have a lot more opportunities to get to know each other later. I can't wait. Just don't come after 9 30 because that's when my Xanax kicks in. laughs . My God, you are so funny. Stop. Oh, ladies. Stop. I said stop! You're literally killing me, you're so funny. I want to get to know you both a little bit better. laughs . Is this your house? Yes. Wait, Jeffrey, Jeffrey, Jeffrey. This is, like, the prettiest refurbished, like, Cheesecake Factory mall kiosk I have ever been to. Thank you very much. Do you remember when you wore these shirts on UnREAL? Uh You know this style. Wow. Yeah. I've seen every episode of UnREAL. I have like every You don't know Jeffrey like I know Jeffrey. whispering . The date's going really well. Like, Jeffrey seems, like, really into me. laughs . Hold on. I have to have to take this. Yeah, I'm here now. No. She's like a weird forest girl. Do I come across as, like, crazy though? Oh. Like, do I look crazy? That's just a really strong word. He's like five I can't handle it right now. I can't handle it. You look different. Yeah? I know Trixie is playing a fake bitch, but, baby, those facial expressions are real. Don't laughs . No, he's like a five. He's like an L. A. two. Stop talking to me. What? sighs . Oh, my God. If steam could come off a wig, she would have those little lines above her head where the heat is rising. Miss Thing is hot that Milky is cutting her off. laughs . People call me psycho, but I don't think I'm psychotic. I just think I'm really passionate about finding love. Yeah. While the leaves And that's why I'm here. Me, too. The leaves in your hair are so fun, I wish you would leave. Milk is just going way overboard. It's been great, ladies. It's been an incredible pleasure. sobs . Bye, Jerald. It's Jeffrey. We're gonna go on a date. This has been so much fun. Well, this ain't no party. No. You know what , ladies? I thought we could take some time to chill out. That's so nice. Yeah. But you know what? I got the party right here. Hold on. I don't get it. She does a lot of partying. Hold that. Yes, ma'am. You have one too, crazy. All right. babbles . Don't be looking, boy. Oh. She brought drinks. Oh, my God. You're good for something. Hey, we have a party. You are a girl who knows how to party. We're gonna get drunk together. Can we propose to me finding the love I couldn't find within myself? Nobody's ever loved me like you before, and I'm so happy. That's really, really, really sad. cries . You think it's sad? Oh, my God. It's supposed to be insecure. It's like a needy girl, not just crying. cries . The only thing Aja's insecure about is this scene. We gonna make a toast to love. Yes. And your nice ass. Jeffrey is so sexy. Oh, my God. If this doesn't work out, I'm probably gonna whoop the bitch that won and just take Jeffrey. You is fine, boy. Just being honest. Baby, hold on. Your hands are greasy You do this. Aah! Oh. That's how you do that. laughs . What about your past relationships? All I had was a he turned out to be a crackhead. And he stole all my shit out of my apartment, but I found him, though, and shot his ass. Michelle laughs . Ladies, I wanna know something. What? What? What's your favorite part of my body? That dick. laughs . That's so vulgar. My favorite part of your body is your everything. Hey, baby. Oh, my God. Oh, no. Kennedy is blowing my mind. She is doing it. It's hot. Don't you have another bottle of alcohol? It's hot, bitch. It's hotter than shit. Then get out! Is she okay? I'm a man. laughs . Ladies, I thought we would just take a little time to relax and unwind and take our clothes off. Are you into the whole polyamorous thing? I'm open to everything. Oh, are you? We've been looking for somebody to be a little more open. I mean, how wide are you willing to go? So how did you two come together? I think it was fate, right, Chi Chi? Well, Mama found me, you know, at a strip club. That's Mama. Mama found me at a strip club. You've heard of sister wives? Yeah. We are sister wives. Sister wives. Yeah, how about that? Oh, my God, you just so Here, touch me, too, though. Yeah, yeah. Go for it. Mama said I could have real meat now. Oh. laughs . Let's see what's going on down in the meat department. My mission while I'm here is to get me a nice, strong, firm plastic cup and get me some of that Jeffrey sperm in it so Chi Chi and I can make the family we've always wanted. laughs . I ain't seen nothing that big and black in the water since I took you to Sea World. Whoo! Shamu. Oh, now those are balls! Those are big balls! Shangela is so over the top with her persona, you know, and she's cracking her jokes. One of y'all needs to shave. Nobody told me Bush was back in office. laughs . Chi Chi's just drowning in the tub, honey. My dream date is whatever mother wants me to have. Ugh. We're a twopiece combo over here. All right. You wanna hang out with Sugar, then you gotta come through me. laughs . If Jeffrey gets me and Shangela in the fantasy suite, it's going down. laughs . Chi Chi had a special question for you that she wanted to ask you. Go for it, Chi Chi. Chi Chi? deep voice . Do you wanna have my baby? Hoohoohoohoohoo! Ladies, it's time for the most dramatic eggplant ceremony in herstory. Ladies, I just really want this love to be real, and, frankly, most of y'all scare the hell out of me. Which is why I've decided to give this eggplant To Ru. Will you accept my eggplant, Ru? I will take all your eggplants. What? No! Way to go, RuPaul, way to go! Byeee! Finally, this is my happily ever after. Next stop, Good Morning America. We'll do Dancing with the Stars, and then we'll get divorced. Coming up Milk, Milk, Milk. It's just hurtful because I thought we were all better than that. But y'all feelings is really hurt. I'm paying no attention. That's dumb. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Hi, guys. Good morning. This week's runway is Wigs On Wigs On Wigs, inspired by Roxxxy Andrews. Welcome to another day at the office. Aren't you feeling gorgeous? Aren't you feeling technically amazing? Milk someday wants to have a challenge inspired by her, and I bet you next season there will be, like, this week on the runway you'll be crying because you're only safe. laughs . New day. New day. New day, sis. Y'all can't handle all this cuteness. I'm about to feel real cute. I'm going through it. I'm going through it in my head. I mean, yesterday was bad. On Season 8, I just doubted myself so much. I often asked myself, like, what the hell are you doing here? And, like, how could I compete with girls like this, you know what I mean? These bitches have fabulous costumes, and I'm gonna walk out in a neon bathing suit. So if it seems like I'm a little worried, I am. That's why I'm quiet. I'm distancing myself from the girls. I thought that I had elevated my drag, but here we go again. Like, what are you gonna say, like, what are you gonna do to, like, match these girls' energy and funniness? I'm just trying to keep a positive head. I'm trying to keep smiling, but at the same time, I am nervous. I don't want to go home. I'm gonna show them that, you know, I have what it takes to go all the way. How are you? I really, really wanna win a challenge. I've never even been in the top, so I really hope today it can happen. The first time I was on Drag Race, I kinda just floated until I got flushed. All people knew about me was that I did not excel at Drag Race and didn't win any challenges, and I never had my star moments. This time I, like, have to change that. I don't really, like, need validation, but, like, to have one good week here would really help the momentum for the rest, you know. I feel you. Being safe all the time you start to feel invisible. In the real world, I'm Beyonce, but in the Drag Race world, I'm just a LaTavia. It doesn't matter on Drag Race what you've done in the real world. In these four fake brick walls, you are garbage until proven otherwise. Is there anybody that either of you are, like, concerned about? It's kind of hard to figure out who the bottom two are. Like. I feel like Oh, let's say three. Who would you think the three are? I mean, if I were gonna say three, I would say Aja, Chi Chi, and possibly BeBe. What do you feel, Milk? I'd have to agree with Ben. I feel like two out of three of those are correct, and my third variable one that I kept going back and forth on was between Aja's and yours. I'm not fazed by Shangela thinking that I may be in the bottom. That's dumb. So I'm just gonna turn my hearing aid down a little bit and just, like, let her speak, but I'm paying no attention. I thought I killed it. The idea of being in the top is so exciting. Well, halleloo. Oh, Miss Thing, I'm looking at her, like, you don't see the writing on the wall? Mama, she really thinks that she's in the top two on this one. I'm cracked. laughs . Shit. It's just hurtful because I thought we were all better than that. I think I would've chosen Thorgy to stay. I find Thorgy's concepts and her look much more exciting. Fuck my drag, right? Bitch, your feelings is really hurt. Yep. Kennedy is really upset because it wasn't right for Milk to say that Kennedy should have gone home because her looks weren't on point, because this is a competition about more than just your looks. And Kennedy proved this week that she deserves to be here 00%. If you don't care about me and you don't care about my style of drag, you're entitled to that. I'm upset at the fact that we work together a lot of times, and what's hurtful is when you feel like you have this certain relationship with your socalled sister, and you come to find out it's something else. And they end up reading you like a dog and stuff, throwing you under the bus. We stopped conversation after that. No. Not even talk to me. That's how I know when people ain't real. I've worked with Milk before. We've been on tour together, and I've never had a problem with Milk ever. I've always liked working with her, but now you're treating me like you don't even know me. I value people's friendship, I value sisterhood, and when I really like a person and then they really show me who they are, it's hurtful. What goes around always comes around. And that's what I believe. You're right. I also feel, like, she's been, like, the most, like, kind of rude. I just feel like sometimes she just doesn't give, like, some of us the time of the day, you know what I mean? Mmhmm. And I'm just like like, I think more so, like Well, at least you notice it and saying it and not me. Yeah. I look at it like this. I'm gonna still walk this runway in my dated as shit and my dated as shit is gonna help me go on and win this. Yeah. And that's how I see it. Yeah. Ooh. Coming up I laughed so hard I cried. Your character was so spot on. If you're gonna be a bottom, at least be a power bottom. laughs . RuPaul laughs. Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe, let your whole body talk Covergirl Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars. My wingwoman, Michelle Visage. Oh, my God, isn't everything better with wings? Yeah. Funny man Ross Mathews. Are you a romantic? In a power top kind of way, yeah. all laugh . Jeffrey BowyerChapman, did you survive a night with my girls? Ru, I just got back from the free clinic, and we are good to go. bell dings, all laugh . And from UnREAL, the fabulous Constance Zimmer. Hiee. Hiee. This week we challenged our queens to make fools of themselves on a fake dating show, and tonight on the main stage, category is Wigs On Wigs On Wigs. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best All Star win. First up, BenDeLaCreme. Oh, Michelle Visage. all laugh . Oh, my goodness. What's a better way to reveal a wig under a wig than to reveal a wig that's three feet under the wig on my head? Miss Rapunzel. Ooh! What? Somebody forgot to shave. Stroke it, honey. It's the natural look. BeBe Zahara Benet. Oh, the Miss Thing dynasty. Michelle laughs . Is that a Bump It in your hair, or are you just happy to see me? She went all the way to Asia. Yes, she doesn't only do goddess beauty. She is a welltraveled gal, honey. Uhoh, something's happening. Ooh! Ooh! I love a queen with big, black, hairy balls. all laugh . Who doesn't? Trixie Mattel. Ooh, look who's here, Ru. It's Lady Bunny. Yes! I'm Lady Bunny passed out on a deck chair in Palm Springs getting a sunburn, and then boom! Ooh! Oh, my God. It's a Tatiana, same part, Dennis the Menace fantasy. Take another little piece of my hair now, baby. all laugh . Milk. Milkshake. Yeah. More like a creamsicle. Made entirely of little postit notes. So the look I'm bringing to the runway is very sixties inspired, and the cut of the dress aahmy legs are killer. Yank it like a troll doll, honey. all laugh . Michelle, is that a good hombre or a bad hombre? Michelle laughs . Aja. And amazing. I think she used too much hairspray. all laugh . Sis, I'm just feeling real kawaii. That's cute in Japanese. Like, you can't tell me bleep . right now because I feel like I just walked out of a Manga comic book. Ooh! Oh! Third wig's the charm. Don't take your wig off unless you've got another one underneath. That's right. And another one underneath that. Yeah. LaGuardia, Newark, Kennedy Davenport. Chchchchia all laugh . That's a hair situation. Yeah. Ooh! Ooh! Take that, Carol Brady. all laugh . Let me tell you, I feel fine, honey. I got on these three girdles, Miss Thing, and my waist is cinched, boo. What? Damn, girl. Somebody just graduated from the Lace Front Institute of Technology. Yes, LIT. LIT. It's lit. laughs . Up next, Chi Chi DeVayne. Do I have something on my face? If you like it, you better put a ring through it. all laugh . This outfit totally represents the new direction that Chi Chi is going. Hey. Oh, maintain. Oh, okay. I'm bringing you all this bayou princess. I just hope the judges are eating it up. These have always brought me luck. Eyes up here. Where do you go? Oh, okay. Byeee. She's going that way. Shangela. Corn. Ru, is it me, or is she looking a bit husky? I don't remember eating corn. all laugh . Corn is something that will forever be associated with me. Look, I'm from the country, and I keep it real. Nothing says that better than corn. Ooh. Oh, my goodness, popcorn. You want some boy butter on that? all laugh . You don't have to ask me twice. There may be a kernel of truth to this dress. That's right, honey. You better pop the corn and feed the children. GMOh, no, you better don't. all laugh . Oh, that's so stupid. Coming up You were constantly overshadowed. You were terrifying. What I got was a whiny brat. Those are really lovely words of encouragement. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome, All Stars. Based on your improv performances, and your unbeweavable main stage presentations, I've made some decisions. Now, when I call your name, please step forward. Shangela. BeBe Zahara Benet. You are safe. Please step to the back of the stage. Thank you. The rest of you represent the tops and the bottoms of the week. Now it's time for the judges' critiques. First up, BenDeLaCreme. Hi. I loved the surprise wig skirt reveal. It's tough to, like, shock us when we know it's Wigs On Wigs On Wigs. We know what's gonna happen. There's gonna be a wig under there. But somehow you managed to shock me. Every piece you stripped off revealed another layer and another layer, and that's what you did in your performance, too. You gave layers. I laughed so hard I cried. As an actor, you gave me a lot to play with. I had so much fun with you. I was equally disgusted by you as I was turned on. I keep waiting for you to drop the ball, and you haven't dropped it yet. Those are really lovely words of encouragement. I wish nothing more than you shutting me up each time by not letting that ball or balls drop. Thank you, DeLa. Thank you. Up next, Trixie Mattel. Hi, guys. When you came out, I was feeling immediately like if Lady Bunny and Kesha had a baby. Were you doing Lady Bunny? What was that about? I thought, can Lady Bunny become Naomi's balls? Turns out yes. all laugh . In The Bitchelor, your character was so spot on. It was basically Paris Hilton. I was very impressed from the second you walked out. You were on the phone and you weren't paying attention, and it was like, oh, we know exactly who you are, and it was everything I wanted. But I felt like you were getting talked over a little bit. We were advised to try not to talk over each other. It was kind of like jump roping. I was kind of waiting sometimes for the moment. I felt you waiting. However, when you did get those lines in, they were hilarious. All right, well, thanks Trixie. Up next, Milk. Hi. You look gorgeous tonight. Thank you. This is a great look for you. Thank you. In the wig reveal, I liked that there was another sort of reveal when you pulled the pony, like those dolls that I always that I always wanted that my parents wouldn't get me. Crissy Doll. Yeah, Crissy Doll. Crissy Doll's my favorite doll of all time, but we could see the black cup holder underneath the blonde hair. Yeah, it's dark root. In the challenge, you were terrifying. I know. laughs . I was I was actually psycho. But it was the same note the whole time. I kept hoping that you were going to pretend like you weren't a stalker and there wasn't anything wrong with what you were doing, and you're just a really nice, friendly person who happens to know everything about you. Because there are times when less is more. Your foot was on the gas the whole time. You were going so fast, you weren't sharing the stage. Up next, Aja. Hi. Tonight on the runway, I'm going to go out on a limb and say this right now was the best Aja has ever looked. Oh, thank you. From the second you walked out, I just said, what is that, and I need more. You're giving me street fighter couture, and it's incredible. Yes, hyah. Win. So in The Bitchelor, I didn't get needy girl at all, not even a little. Oh, my God. What I got was a whiny brat, and that is not the character. You were giving me more Cher Horowitz than Tai. Oh. To me, needy has always been spoiled, but maybe I guess there is a difference. Needy is not spoiled. Yeah. They're two different things. Needy is constantly needing somebody to be approving or to tell you how beautiful you are. Please love me, please tell me I'm pretty, that kind of insecure girl. It's exhausting to the person. Mmhmm. I feel like I need to reevaluate the definition of needy now. I was trying to give you, like, a little bit of, like, Farrah Moan meets, like, Kim Kardashian meets, like, kind of like crazy girlfriend. Wah. Like, that's what I was going for. Up next, Kennedy Davenport. Helleer. Hi. On the runway tonight, it was gorgeous, and I think it was truly Davenport. It was spectacular. The absolute polar opposite of the character you played on the show. The challenge, out of all of the girls, I had the hardest time keeping a straight face with you. From the teeth to the tits to the ass, you were absolutely hilarious. I never think of you as like really a comedy queen, but you are. Well, she did win Snatch Game on her season. That's right. Why don't I think of you as comedy? It's probably because of her criminal record. all laugh . Thank you. Thank you. Up next, Chi Chi DeVayne. Hey, y'all. You look beautiful tonight. You took my breath away from the moment that you stepped out on the runway. You just have an aura about you that is just so bright, it's really quite stunning. You have presence just standing here right now, but then in The Bitchelor, you were constantly overshadowed. Shangela had joke after joke after joke, but you sort of were a spectator in the scene. In that hot tub, I wouldn't even have noticed that you were there until you were kissing up on his boobies. You gave it all away to Shangela. I understand you were playing the bottom, but if you're gonna be a bottom, at least be a power bottom. Uhhuh. When you did have a moment, when you leaned over into his ear and said deep voice . You wanna have my baby? I mean, that was incredible. Where was that for the rest of the show? I don't know. I don'tI don't know. I went and I just felt like crap compared to all of these comedy queens, and I let it get to me. I just got so intimidated, and it's frustrating because I don't want you to think that I don't want to be here and that I'm not trying. I don't want to upset you for bringing me back. I'm sorry, y'all. I'm just so sorry that I'm not giving my 00. I'm letting what they're doing affect me and just me not thinking that I'm worth it. Chi Chi, you're worth it. You're worth it. Thank you, Chi Chi. Now, based on the judges' critiques, I've made some decisions. Kennedy Davenport, BenDeLaCreme, you are the top two All Stars of the week. applause . Condragulations. You've each won a suite of jewelry from Fierce! Drag Jewels and a $,000 gift card from Nailed by Cristy. Trixie Mattel, you are a totally fake bitch. chuckles . And I loved it. You are safe. Milk, Aja, Chi Chi, you are in the bottom three. DeLa and Kennedy, each of you needs to decide which of the bottom three you'll eliminate if you win the lip sync. So while you queens deliberate in the workroom, the judges and I will be twisting balloon animals. You may leave the stage. Coming up I did not see this coming. Girl I just don't think it's my time to go. Every week is just like imitates bomb dropping . turd city. I know what I have to do. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Lord. Lord. A cocktail, please, Jesus. I've never been an alcoholic, but today I'm going in. Oh, I'm full on. If I could black out right now, I would. Well, here we are again with another elimination, and it's always a difficult decision. I can attest to that more than anyone. I thought I would win, but that's okay. You thought you were gonna win? I did. I thought I would be in the top, and I was ready to do my little lip sync, do my little song, but I'll get, you know. I thought I would be in the top, so I'm kind of trying to wrap my head around that. I'm not gonna be safe and cry because that would be, you know, inappropriate, but laughs . Kennedy, the full redemption, sis. Yes, ma'am. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Ben, you're also in the top two. Ben has won every single challenge since we got here. She going home next week. all laugh . Milk, you seem really quiet. What's going through your head? I'm crying about now I'm crying for a legit reason, being in the bottom, but I did not see this coming at all. Girl I think, like, Milk in a weird way, she works so much in her mind, almost like you convince yourself of something even if it's not the reality. I don't know, maybe that's how she copes. I mean, that performance, it's, like, how can you not tell? I'm being penalized for going 00% full throttle, and I don't 00% agree with the critiques. I thought Trixie and I had an amazing back and forth. I really thought I killed that challenge. I don't know how she's this delusional. Howsomebody put something in her cocktail. Cosby? laughs . My question to the top two, we have three now in the bottom. That's the gag of the season. They did it last season, too. Well, to me this is a gag. all laugh . How are you going to assess the situation? The two of you, are you guys gonna do one on ones with the girls? I decided not to. I'm just gonna do what I've said from the beginning, and that's just assess the whole thing. Right. And just make my own professional decision. I do feel like playing a fair game, and y'all already been crying and shit. That sort of comes as a shock. Is it 'cause she's already made up her mind? Is it 'cause she doesn't want to allude to what she's about to do? I mean, it doesn't scare me because she's a smart individual who sees it as a whole. M'lady, how you feeling? You know, it doesn't feel great to be in the bottom, but I feel like I've been doing well in the competition so far, so I feel like this is just, like, a minor slip, and it happens. Yeah. I mean, I think you've been phenomenal. I just don't think it's my time to go. I think DeLa is going to judge the bottom three based on our track records. So I know I'm safe because I won the first challenge. Milk has been safe the whole time, but Chi Chi has been statistically doing the worst every single week. I mean, you put it together. When I got here, I thought I had this in the bag, you know what I mean? Like, ain't none of these bitches gonna to upstage me, you know what I mean? Like, I got these looks together, baby. I'm going back in this thing, you know what I mean? And every week is just like imitates bomb dropping . turd city. I let this challenge, like, diminish my spark and question myself whether I can do this or not. I know shit bring me down, you know what I mean? But it happens to all of us. You just gotta it's how quickly you can turn it around and get back up. I've been in the bottom three times, and I'm beginning to question is this the right time for me? Maybe I should have been on All Stars 4, you know what I mean? Or maybe I should have popped out of a box like Shangela on Season 0. I don't think I'm ready to be here at All Stars. Hi, Chi Chi. How you feeling? Girl, I mean Here we are again. Here we go again, you know, and, like, I don't know. I don't know if I have what it takes to go all the way. Yeah. And I hate to say that, you know. I want to be here just as bad as everybody else does. Yeah. But I'm so friggin' intimidated right now. I feel like the life has been sucked out of Chi Chi, and, like, me personally, I don't care what they say, don't say this and don't say that, but to me, the right decision is to be fair, you know what I mean? The reality is that the only thing that dampens your confidence is Accepting what somebody else is saying. Exactly. sighs . Just make the right decision. Deciding who to send home is always super hard. No matter what anybody says about whether they're ready for their time to go, there's nobody who didn't fight very hard to be here and doesn't continue to fight once they walk through that door. Big and Milky. Fire me up. Well, the thing is, I'd like to be very honest about the whole situation, guys. Like, everybody just trying to be so, like, sugar coat, coo coo coo, woo woo woo woo woo. Milk is saying, like, I thought I was going to be in the top. To me, I thought that the top was going to be you and Kennedy. Yeah. Yeah. But you are the fakest bitch alive. Yeah. And to be fair, you probably would have been in the top two had you been able to land all the things that you were looking to land. Right. Yeah. It was so hard, you guys, because he was just he was, like, yelling the whole time. Yeah. He's, like, big and I'm like, ba da ba da. It doesn't, like And I could feel you guys' energy in the moment. I was, like, fuck. How are you? I'm in the bottom three. Like, what the fuck? Yeah. It'sI don't know. It's a shitty, shitty situation. To be in the bottom three with two queens that didn't give a 00%, that were bulldozed by their scene partner, and then there's me. I haven't made sense of it all yet. Obviously this isn't my thing. I'm not super into comedy, and so I thought that being that way and succeeding in a way, that it would be, like, wow, Milk, you did it. Just know that I want to be here, know that I want to continue. The judges actually want me to continue in this competition. The other queens respect me and they want me to be here. I am not on the level of these bottom queens, and to be compared to them, it pisses me off. But I'm feeling confident. Make good decisions. Nope. Never have, never will. Oh, my God, this is so much fun. Oh, my God, I love it. I made a dog. laughs . I got lip and I got lips. Oh, wow, that is hilarious. normal voice . Whee, this is so fun. I didn't know the balloons had helium in them. They don't. Well, that's awkward. Silence. pop . Oh. Bring back my All Stars. Having to eliminate somebody is not a good feeling, but this is part of the game. I look at the whole picture. I just don't look at the performance or just what the judge's say. You gotta take everything into account, so I know what I have to do. Tonight the decision is between three people, and that just complicates things more. There are reasons that every girl has to stay and there are ways in which every girl didn't show up for the competition this week. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome back, ladies. Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win $0,000 and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. The time has come thunder . to lip sync echoing . for your legacy. I know that I shouldn't camp this one up because I need to show the judges that I can do different things. This is my third lip sync, and if I don't win this one, then I'm at a negative two to one ratio. Good luck and don't fuck it up. I do my makeup in somebody else's car We order different drinks at the same bars I know about what you did And I wanna scream the truth She thinks you love the beach You're such a damn liar Those great whites, they have big teeth Oh, they bite you Thought you said that you would always be in love But you're not in love no more Did it frighten you How we kissed when we danced on the light up floor? On the light up floor Sometimes I wake up in a different bedroom I whisper things, the city sings 'em back to you All those rumors, they have big teeth But I hear sounds in my mind Whoo! All right. Brand new sounds in my mind But, honey, I'll be seein' you down every road I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it 'Cause, honey, I'll come get my things But I can't let go I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it 'Cause, honey, I'll come get my things But I can't let go I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it Yes, honey, I'll come get my things But I can't let go I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it cheers and applause . Ladies, I've made my decision. Kennedy Davenport you're a winner, baby. Whoo! Whoohoo! Condragulations. You've earned a cash tip of $0,000. Thank you. BenDeLaCreme, you are safe. applause . Good job, Ben. Will the bottom three please step forward? Kennedy, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? Oh. It was very hard. I had to really think about everything that was going on on and off screen to make my decision, and I take that wholeheartedly as a professional. So I chose Milk. Milk, as it is written, so it shall be done. You are and will always be an All Star. Now sashay away. Thank you so much for bringing me back. I will continue to make you proud. I will do things that nobody else has ever done. applause . At this point in the game, me holding this It's stupid. The fact that I was eliminated even though another queen had been in the bottom three times dumb. I know a lot of girls think it's unfair for them to be going home, but sighs . I just don't see how this was my week. Watching the episode bell rings . Ding. Milk! Oh, gosh. Blessed be, kitty girl. You haven't seen the last of me, Wagon Wheel Watusi. What does that mean? Is somebody gonna tell me? Damn it. chuckles . Next time on All Stars It's time to play Snatch Game. cheering . Look who's here! Hi, guys. cheering . It's Marc Jacobs. You look like a fudgsicle dipped in flowers. You and I will meet in a back alley somewhere. Oh, face crack. Well, can I trust you, bitch? Ooh, this is so juicy! At the end of the day, that type of shit don't supposed to fly. The struggle was real on my end. Alexis Act a fool, gurl. Mimi I’m he- looks up sharply Alexis Act a fool. Mimi We… are living in a world where people look at us like we’re freaks. Tammie screams like a man twice I’m acting. Mimi Why are we sitting here BULLYING each other? I think it’s highly inappropriate. All inaudible arguing Chad Everybody shut up. Mimi Fucking shenanigans. I did not sign up for this. Manila Well how did you not know what you were signing up for? You already did this gurl! Tammie makes odd noises WELL COME ON TELETUBBY! TELEPORT US TO MARS! Confessional Manila What the fuck? Is… is this bitch for real? Mimi I did not sign up for something… No. gets up Chad You started this shit… Tammie Change your costume Mimi! clapping Change your costume, change it around. Confessional Chad I was like, Mimi’s gonna turn over a new leaf, and then… guess who came back? The old Mimi. Mimi to Raven I just don’t think it’s appropriate to talk about shit that had nothing to do with anything that’s happened here. Raven Well guess what Mimi? We DID. You, Mimi Imfurst, MIMI IMFURST was number third in the voting? I could not believe it. Out of all- Mimi DO NOT ATTACK MY FANS, BITCH! Raven The shit I’ve seen? You don’t have that many. Manila OOP! Raven So out of FIFTY motherfucking bitches that have been in here, how did you manage that? Yara Because they need someone to go home first! All inaudible talking and laughter Mimi leaves Tammie You wanted crazy, well you got it now. Our heart is broken for our sister. Alexis really wanted to make it to the top of this competition. Unfortunately, I feel like this was her time. Wishes come true, not free. You're my sisters always. Alexis, we love you. We love you so much, girl. We love you, sis. It feels bad coming in the top four just having lip synched for my life. So whatever the next challenge is, I need to rock the shit out of it. Congratulations to Ms. Shea Coulee! I won four challenges now, so come on, Mama Ru. Tchtch. Hand it on over. I will say I thought this was gonna be my week 'cause I actually did have a rainbow look. Oh! all laugh. cough cough. Shea might have won this challenge, but I will get that crown. chuckles. We are the top four. Four! All right! Can I just say this is the top four that I really wished for? Bitch, please. Don't get me wrong. I love these other girls, but I want to make it in the top three. Somebody needs to go. It ain't me. Enough talking about it. Let's get done, honey. These girls are major and all of us are hungry for that crown, so I may have to resort to other means. I don't know what that means. laughs. That sounds shady. It did. car engine starts. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a oneyear supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and cash prize of $100,000. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Lala, lala exhales. We're skipping, we're skipping, we're skipping, we're skipping, we're skipping. Looks like we have a sickening top four. I'm really excited about it. How do you all feel going into this final challenge? Aah! Yeah, me, too. Can we all do Peppermint's scream together? Yes. One, two, three. all scream. laughs. Hello, hello, hello. Oh! Oh! Yes! Condragulations. Final Four. cheers and applause. This is your last chance to prove to RuPaul that you're top three material. To help you stretch your charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent, you'll be working with the incredible Todrick Hall. gasps and cheers. He's back. cheering. And he's not pussyfooting around. First, each of you needs to write and record an original verse for the sickening Season 9 remix of RuPaul's Category Is. cheers and laughter. Then you'll put on your dancing shoes and learn some killer choreography. Ooh. Ooh. And tomorrow on the main stage you'll be making your allsinging, alldancing Category Is world debut. Wow. But you'll have one more shot to really impress Mama Ru when you guest on her critically acclaimed podcast, RuPaul, What's The Tee? with Michelle Visage. cheering. Get it? RU? Ru. Oh! Oh! Yeah. As we've seen this season, anything can happen, so don't fuck it up. Byezee. Bye. Bye. Oh. Has anyone done this before? I actually have an album out on iTunes. Whoo. What are you ladies thinking of doing? Singing or rapping or, like, spoken word? I think I'm gonna rap. Mine is definitely spoken word. I don't know how to rap. laughs. Well, I can't sing, so I don't really know what you're gonna call this. Barnyard noises? Oh! No, ma'am. Don't try it, bitch. Whoo. We have to rap, dance, write. Trinity can't do any of those things. Trinity, you in danger, girl. Well, ladies, wish me luck. Good luck. Good luck, darling. Good luck, girl. Hi, Shea. Hey, Todrick. So it's time for me to record my verse to Ru's single Category Is with Todrick Hall. This is Vjuan Allure. Vjuan Allure, hi. He is Ru's producer. He actually produced the track to Category Is. Okay. This is the real deal. People will be hearing this shit. I have to nail this. Okay, let's hear what you got. 'Cause I want it, I get it And, girl, I'm ready to show 'em How these bitches, I own 'em, I got Mm. One more time. Just take a deep breath and make sure you get every single word in. I wrote some really fast lyrics, you know, a la Twista. Like, I'm trying to spit that shit like so fast so that they know that, hey, this girl got game. 'Cause I want it, I get it, and came up here and did it And girl, I'm ready to show 'em How these bitches, I own them, you got that? Supermodel switch Okay, cut. Just try to get me more diction. Okay, I'll eat it up. All right, play the track. Come on, Mama Ru, give the queen her crown I approve this message and all I'm gonna say Is I'm Shea Coulee and I always Great. I got chills. You're just a bad ass bitch. Hi. Hello, ladies. Hi, Peppermint. I used to watch The RuPaul Show with Michelle and Ru, and here I am a guest on their podcast. It's a dream come true. You made it all the way to top four? Girl. But, you know, for us, we see the girls year after year and I think the biggest challenge is for them to get past their conception of themselves. Mmhmm. Have you been able to do that? Yes. Before the competition, I really had a hard time balancing kind of my day life and my night life. Because I know that you have revealed that you are trans. You're a trans woman. Is that what we're talking about? Is that what Yes. I mean, a really well known and respected queen back in New York said, oh, you know, are you transitioning? 'Cause if you are, I'll support you. But then she immediately said, but you know you'll never work in the gay community again as a drag queen. But that's not true. I see that now, but that scared the shit out of me. For how long? Years. Years? Until a couple weeks ago. I still worked and I still continued my transition, but it made me kind of push them to opposite ends of the room. You don't ever need to be one or another. Nobody has to put anybody in any kind of a box. I definitely didn't think being a drag queen and a transwoman would ever mix. And now, after this experience, I know that those two things can coexist if that's who you are, and that's who I am. Thank you so much, Peppermint, for being so honest. You is a marvel. laughs. I'm ready to hear what you got. Okay. Play back. My name is Trinity and can't you see I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me The talent I've got you just can't replace Even with injectables in your face The time has come Let's pause. Let's cut the track. Yeah, take that off, honey, get comfortable 'cause we got a lot of work to do. All right. The performance quality that needs to be, you're at like 35%. chuckles. What? I've got to push more. I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me The talent I've got you just can't replace Even with injectables in your face Okay, cut the track. Okay. I don't think that you need to take the note as that you need to yell into the microphone. Relax and just be funny. Let's do it again. Crowns and gowns and tiny thongs, too Other bitches wishin', but you ain't me, boo The talent I got Oh, I just Let's go again. Was I off? You were off, yeah. Just tap your foot and get that rhythm on fleek, okay? Right. Okay, all right. But you blame me, boo, the talent I've got Yeah. Good. You're saying the talent I've got, honey, in that line, so Right. Gotta show. Yeah, show us. Show us that you got it. I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me Crowns and gowns and tiny thong, toos You mumbles. ain't me, but I am freaking out. I have to get it together or all this work is gonna be for nothing. Coming up One, two, three, four. Down, down, turn, stick. Oh, my gosh. Sasha can't dance. exhales. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Oh, my God, look who's here. Hello, you beautiful legends. Hi. It's time to do the What's The Tee? podcast with Ru and Michelle. I'm really excited to get to spend some time hanging out with them. When you look at yourself in this competition, what were your missteps? The biggest was how I tackled 902Ho. I thought I could think my way into humor. Hmm. But turns out, that doesn't work so well. No. And what about in life in general? I think a lot about my relationship with my mom. She passed away last year, and I feel like there were a lot of missed opportunities for us to connect. I'm not sure she ever really got to see the type of drag that I believe in. But she knew you did drag. She knew I did drag, but I could have shared it with her. Included her. Yeah. My mom was always a little bit unsure about why I was doing drag because she didn't see how it could be a career. But she was interested. Especially in the last couple months of her life, she wanted nothing more than to see what direction my life was going to take, and I didn't really open up. I think all the time about how it must have felt for her feeling like she was going to miss out on so much. That loss made me realize the importance of opening up. My dad has fallen in love with drag. Papa Velour. Papa Velour. Papa Velour. That's what people always call him. all laugh. Well, thank you, Sasha Velour, and give my love to your father. I will. But before you go Yes. We have a parting gift. Oh. What is it? Today's podcast is sponsored by Squatty Potty. Best poop of your life, kiddo. Guaranteed. Thank you so much. You know, I'll write a whole philosophy piece about it. all laugh. Hey, Todrick. How you doin'? I'm doin' good, baby. We're twinning. Ow! Ow. I love to sing, I love to rap, and I love to perform, and that's exactly what this challenge is. I'm gonna win. Let's just dive in. Sugary sweet confection Spicy, redhot, chocolaty I'm minty fresh Sh Let's do it, Peppermint, 'cause there's nothing worse than messing up a lip synch, than messing a lip synch that you wrote. Aah. Sugary sweet confection Bad for your teeth, spicy, redhot, chocolaty I'm minty fresh, but it ain't for free Cut the track. Whatever you're doing right now, take that and run with it, 'cause that is, like, your personality. Classy, but I can still take to the street So you know you better never try to come for me I love it. That's it. Frickafrickaree. How are you guys? Hi, Shea. Shake a leg, Shea Coulee. Now, somebody told me you were teased a lot as a kid. Yes. Where we lived was a mostly white neighborhood, and so I was teased because I was the only black kid, you know. They'd call me Blackie. And then I would go to church and then they would make fun of me because they said I spoke too white. So I really didn't feel like I belonged much of anywhere. And it really took doing drag to become stronger and more confident. It's my armor. When you went to this church, did you get into the spirit of the Lord? Oh, girl, yeah. I used to shout and I used to buck and jive and throw it all around. Did you speak in tongues? Oh, yes. Boon shakalalala, hallalalala, hallalalala. all laugh. So it's shah lala Mmhmm. Boom Boomboom kah. Uhhuh. Kahkahkah, kahkahkah, kahkahkah, kah. Yes. I'm familiar with that one. I know that one. That was at my church. Yeah. laughs. I love it. Yes. Hey, listen, we actually have a parting gift for you. It's going to be your very own Oh, my God, shut up! Yes. The Squatty Yes! Yes! Oh, my goodness. That's for you. Poop in good health. Thank you, guys. Byeee. Bye. Bye. That bitch knew what Squatty Potty was. Hell, yes. Squatty Potty ain't no joke. I love it. A thinking queen speaks to the heart She's stranger than fiction, better than art I'm chuckles. I'm more true than real I'm a magical bitch, darling That's how I feel Okay. I am just gonna be real with you. I'm not all the way sold on this. For somebody who's coming up for the finale of RuPaul's Drag Race, it just doesn't seem powerful. You're a drag queen. You know what I mean? I feel like it needs to be But I'm this kind of drag queen, Todrick. I'm not saying you need to be, like, popping your tongue and giving us Alyssa Edwards, but right now, it just sounds like you're saying lines into a voicemail. Oh, God. It's important to show Todrick I can be a star and still be myself. Play the track. Brighteyed and bushybrowed Be the strange you wish to see in the world Sasha Velour relies on brains Beauty be damned, let monsters reign I'm a magical bitch, darling That's how I feel Awesome. How'd you feel about that? Better. You were right. laughs. Now, you're from Birmingham, Alabama, and you were raised by your grandparents. I was. What do they think about you as a showgirl? I never told my grandfather, although I think he probably found a couple of wigs under a towel once and didn't say nothing. laughs. Uhhuh, uhhuh. Now, my grandmother, she had a really hard time with me being gay. And towards the end we had a big falling out, even though I was taking care of her. Was the falling out over your homosexuality? It was. Or the drag? It was over me being gay. We got into a really big fight before she passed, and I told her that I hated her. I didn't mean that, but it's something that haunts me, like, still today. Like, I just wish that wouldn't have been, like, one of the last things I told her. Right. I don't know. I just There's a lot about the last few months of her life that I just don't have closure with. Like, I just I wish there would have been more conversations. I wish there would have been more time. I can't go back and be, like, I'm sorry that I said that 'cause she's not here. Yeah. My guess is that if she were here, she would forgive you. I hope so. No, she would definitely forgive you. She would say, I am so proud of my baby. She sounded just like that. laughs. I didn't want her to ever think that I really didn't love her, because I do. She was the best parent I could have ever had. There are my queens. How y'all doin'? Hey. Good work earlier today, but the challenge is just about to really get started right now. It's time to learn your choreography for the performance tomorrow. My goal is to challenge every single person based on their own skill set. I really want to push them because that's what this competition is about. Let's go, Peppermint. You ready? All right, baby, I'm ready. So I want to see if you can sit like this so they can go like that. This performance determines the top three. I cannot afford to drop the ball on this one. Bring it to the runway. Two, three. Cut, cut, cut. Let's do this. Let's try that from the top. Five, six, seven, walk. Bring Keith. Put her down. Left, right, left. Right, left. Awesome. Cool. Next up, Sasha. Okay, can you just do fast walks? Gahgahgah, gahgahgah, gahgahgah, boom. And then, walk, walk, five, six, seven, fall. exhales. Can we try it? Sure. What is Todrick thinking? Sasha can't dance. One, two, three, four. Down, down, turn, six, seven. Oh, my gosh. Dundundun, dundundun, dundundun, boom. This should be fast. Gahgahgah, gahgahgah, gahgahgah, boom. I'll do my best. Sorry. Let's go back. Five, six, seven, eight. I'm reallyI'm honestly trying my best. I want to nail it, but I just maybe won't get it, like, immediately. But do you feel confident that you can do this on stage? I do feel confident. Because if you don't, you should tell me now. I feel like I can do it, but it is a huge challenge that I want to rise to. Good. I like to hear that. Girl. Sasha is up there looking like she's shook. Coming up She's just been up here. I'm a huge fan. She's got the real goods. Oh, no. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. All right. Let's move on to Trinity. We're rehearsing our choreography for our main stage performance of Category Is with Todrick Hall. You ready? I mean, I'm gonna have to be. laughs. I am extremely nervous. So can you go, what category are we on right now? What category are we on rioh, wait, wait. Yeah, it's in aokay, so. What category What category are we What category are we on right now? What category are we on right now? What dance move is coming next? What category are we on right now? Okay. I can get it, but it's gonna take practice. The problem with Trinity is that her rhythm game is a little delayed. I feel like I'm always watching her on Skype. Okay. Let's try it with music. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Five, six, bring it, Trinity. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, Mayday! I may not have it right now, but I promise I will have it. But people have said that before. If I can't do it, that means, well, girl, I can't dance. Then you might not be in the top three. I deserve to make top three. I've worked my ass off for this. I've got to figure this out. Shea Coulee, you ready? Mmhmm. Yeah. laughs. What is this giggle about? You're throwing some real shit out today. both laugh. Well, this is Season 9. We got to step it up. And I'm gonna bring it real hard for you because I know you dance all the time. Mmhmm. Okay? Can you do, like, a pirouette? Mmhmm. A double pirouette? Mmhmm. A triple pirouette? I could try. Let's see it. Work, bitch, okay. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. How'd you do? I did well. She did it. Damn it. Shea is gonna continue to slay the judges. Yay for Shea. Five, six, seven, eight. Bitch. Like, I'm gonna have to do some showgirl shit. Throw some pearls down so she can, like, fall and bust her face. Awesome. All right. Great job. RuPaul laughs. Cover girl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe let your whole body talk And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Tonight, it's just family. This week, we challenged our queens to prove they are top three material. And now they're ready to kick things off with the world debut of Category Is with original material by the recording sensations Peppermint, Sasha, Shea and Trinity. Or as I like to call them, Seduction 2, Electric Boogaloo. all laugh. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. Category is, bring it to the runway. Category is stars, statements and legends. 0s, 0s, 0s across the board. Deejay, start the music. Category is Sugary sweet confection Bad for your teeth, spicy, redhot, chocolaty I'm minty fresh, but it ain't for free Legendary queen from NYC Sassy, never shady Classy, but I can still take it to the street So you know you better never try to come for me Season 9 out the gate Finish line, no time to wait 0 queens down, only three to go I'm laying bitches out like dominoes Sasha be first, Shea turns looks Trinity crazy, but off the hook But the number one queen is PEPPER Bitch, you know the rest Take it to the runway Runrunrrrunway Bring it to the runway, bring it to the runway Bring it to the bring it to the Bring it to the runway Category is Brighteyed and bushybrowed Be the strange you wish to see in the world Sasha Velour relies on brains Beauty be damned, let monsters reign If you want to join the revolution Innovate, that's my solution Wear a crown, fuck with gender Bend the rules, don't surrender A thinking queen speaks to the heart She's stranger than fiction, better than art I'mI'm more true than real I'm a magical bitch, darling That's how I feel Aah! all laugh. Dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, dahdahdah, pom. Category is I'm Trintastic, plastic, injectable realness The body is here I'm the mother tuck girl, what can I say? There can only be one, and I'm feeling the fantasy My name is Trinity and can't you see I've got a lot of plastic parts up in me Crowns and gowns and tiny thongs, too Other bitches wishin', but you ain't me, boo The talent I've got you just can't replace Even with injectables in your face The time has come for 00 Gs You think you're gonna beat me? Girl, please What category are we on right now? What category are we on right now? What category are we on right now? Whwhwhwhat category? Bring it. Category is Shea Coulee, look at the edges I snatched today I see you watching how I sashay Them other girls best get out of my way 'Cause I want it, I get it, and came up here and did it And girl, I'm ready to show them How these bitches, I own them, got that? Supermodel switch, Ms. Coulee She a real, real bad bitchuh Let me rock this mic Leave them in my dust like Tina did Ike I'm sickening though and real fierce Chicago in the house, girl, whatcha gonna do? About to shut it down Come on, Mama Ru, bring the queen her crown I approve this message, and all I'm gonna say Is I'm Shea Coulee and I always Bring it to the runway, runway. Runrunrrrunway. Bring it to the runway. Oh, work. Runrunrrrunway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the bring it to the bring it to the runway Bring it to the runway. Runway, runrunrrrunway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the runway. Bring it to the bring it to the bring it to the runway Oh, my goodness. Wow! applause. This is the best season of Dancing with the Stars ever. all laugh. Coming up Ladies, it's time for your final four critique. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Category is Final Four Eleganza Extravaganza. First up, Peppermint. Well, I declare. The first lady of drag. I am giving you ultimate 8th century luxuriousness. I look gorgeous. Hell, we can cancel the whole thing and just give me the crown right now. As God is my witness, I will never walk this runway again. Sasha Velour. Crown never felt this good. Yes. Well, I think she's blooming gorgeous. Yes. This is my pretty in pink, but it has a distinct Velourian twist. There is a crown, leather gloves. I'm angry and ferocious and beautiful and everything at once that defines me. I own 5% of this kingdom. Michelle laughs. Now I'm going to wash the dishes. Leave me alone. Voulez, Shea Coulee, avec moi. Bustier, you slay. My look is Balmain meets Bob Mackie meets Beyonce. It's something that you would see at Madison Square Garden, and I don't doubt that your girl can make it there. It's like Beyonce and a smurf had a baby. Smurfonce. all laugh. Now, I love this look, butand it's a big butt. all laugh. Trinity Taylor. Oh, I hate when I fall asleep on the bus. You know? all laugh. Going through this competition, I've claimed to be a pageant girl, and yet to give a sickening pageant gown. So I am giving them every ounce of Trinity Taylor glamourpuss as I can. Oh, and she's back on the chain gang. Yes, she is. Back chains? That way. Welcome, my gorgeous, gorgeous girls. This show is like a GPS system for many of our young viewers as they try to navigate their lives, which is why I think it's so important to ask you this question. Aw. Oh. Peppermint, you've provided us with a childhood photo. If you could turn back time, what words of wisdom would you share with your fouryearold self? Despiteeverything you hear from other people, everything you feel sobs. everything you feel on the inside is right. And pleasesobs. don't wait. Don't wait to express it. Don't wait to express it, because the moment you realize that, everyone else will. That's beautiful. Thank you. Sasha Velour, this is you at five years old. Now, if you could turn back time, what words of wisdom would you share with little Alexander? Little Sashinka, you think a lot of negative things about yourself that you are strangelooking, too fem, weird. And I want to tell you that those things are all completely true. all laugh. And you need to stop running from them because those are the things that make you amazing. And one more thing. Be good to your mother, because there is less time than you would want, and she deserves to see the beautiful queen that you are. I'd like to think she's watching you right now. Thank you, Sasha. Shea Coulee. laughs. This is you at three years old. What words of wisdom would you share with little Jaren? Get your head out of the TV for a second 'cause I want to tell you you are loved. And there are some things that you are going to experience that I wish that I could protect you from, but those hardships make you into the individual that's standing here today. And I want to thank you. Even when I didn't think that we could do it, you did. And I'm so proud of us. Thank you, Shea. Thank you. Trinity Taylor. all laugh. This is you at eight years old. What words of wisdom would you share with little Ryan? As you get older, things are gonna get really bad for you. sniffles. You're gonna go through a lot of hardships with your family, and people are gonna die and they're gonna get sick. But you're gonna find something very special that changes your life, and that is drag. Know that all the things that you've been through in life are gonna make you into a very strong person. Thank you. Coming up One final question. Why should you, and not one of your fellow queens, be crowned America's next drag superstar? RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Ladies, it's time for your Final Four critique, starting with Peppermint. When there are hot young guys in harnesses dancing, I get distracted. Look, a bird, abs, yay. But you kept the focus the entire time. The lyrics were hilarious, were uniquely you. You have all the goods, and you delivered. And I think on this journey, as the competition went on, I feel like you've become more and more of yourself. And thank you for always coming out with charisma and making us all smile. What, she gets no uniqueness, nerve and talent? I might be spelling a word here. all laugh. Up next, Sasha Velour. We're gonna give you uniqueness because that is what you are. And tonight, from the start of, like, the Vincent Price Thriller moment to your lip synch and choreography, it was so Sasha. Throughout your journey, your runway looks have been genius, artistic fashion moments. You're always innovative. And you managed to be consistently you and flexible enough to succeed in this competition. I've been impressed the entire time. Up next, Shea Coulee. Shea, it do take nerve, honey. Whether it's Grandrea Zuckerwoman or Blac Chyna, you always went all the way with it, and tonight was no exception. Your performance felt the most cool. You really captured what's happening in music right now. And this look, you're kind of giving us that, like, Beyonce glamour. And you have a sense of humor. I think that's a great package, one that's really hard to beat. Up next, Trinity Taylor. My good, gay gods. Trinity, this is my favorite look you've ever turned tonight. Thank you. And who knew that Trinity was funny? The mom in 902Ho, it was genius. The nun was unbelievable. Sister Mary Koont, I loved it. Talent, the T, that's what I'm giving you, Trinity, because you have done things in this competition talent wise you didn't know you had in you. I'm finally figuring this out. CUNTrinity. Yes! Thank you. I'd like to buy a vowel, Michelle Visage. I told you I had a plan. all laugh. One final question. Why should you and not one of your fellow queens be crowned America's next drag superstar? Starting with Peppermint. I'd like to take a page from our drag foremothers way back at Stonewall and spread a message of love and light. I think we have to connect with our community and people outside of what we would consider our community. As America's next drag superstar, it will be important for me to do that. Thank you. Thank you, Ru. Sasha Velour, same question. The future of drag, to stand up and carry on your legacy, Ru, we have to be able to do something new. The new thing is going to seem a little strange and a little weird, and the new thing is definitely gonna walk in with a scream, and that is me. Thank you, Sasha. Shea Coulee. I committed. I gave 0%. And even though I stumbled, more than any of my competitors, I succeeded the most. That is the making of a superstar. I would want to carry on your legacy and be America's next drag superstar. Thank you, Shea. Trinity Taylor. Out of every contestant, I've grown the most not just as an entertainer, but as a person. I may have had some downs, but I've tried so hard, through everything I've ever done in my life, to make something better for myself. I've never had stability, and being the next drag superstar would be a huge weight lifted, and I deserve it. Thank you, Trinity. Thank you. Thank you, ladies. Now, while you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. car engine starts. All right, now just between us four tops, let's talk about the top four. Mm. Peppermint. Peppermint is a classic. She hits her marks. She delivers her moments. She's a Jane of all trades. She's got that thing that is so crucial for anybody in show business. She's got the likeability, and if she won the title, that's gonna serve her well. Sasha Velour. I'm a huge fan because she dissects drag, and then reinvents it in her own very artistic way. Yeah, and we do know what a Sasha look and act will be. And I liked what she had to say about the drag of the future is not going to be what we're used to. I would love to see what someone like her could do with that crown. Shea Coulee. She's a great entertainer. She's a great dancer. She's a great actress. And every look was pretty great on the runway. With the exception of a stumble in the makeover challenge, she's just been up here. She absolutely proved herself every single time. You should call her the postman of drag. She delivered. Trinity Taylor. When this first started, we just saw pageant girl, and as this contest progressed, so did she. She needed these challenges to say, no, you're actually really funny. And think about how funny Stanky the Starfish was. It was amazing. And tonight, with her dance, she was hilarious. That's my favorite thing about this competition, when the queens surprise themselves. I feel like Trinity has made the biggest leap in my opinion. I'd love to see her in the top three. Yeah. Well, this isn't gonna be easy. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Welcome back, ladies. All season long, you've worked your big ol' booties off, and each of you has more than earned your spot on this stage tonight. The time has come thunder. for you to lip synch echoing. for your life. Good luck and don't fuck it up. You wear it well French tip, lipstick, painted on You wear it well Value sure suits youoooo Work it for me Work it for me, me You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well I have to be in the top three. I brought as much grace and humility as I did talent and personality. Sounds like America's next drag superstar to me. You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well Kitty girl, work that highend tights. I am determined to take over the world with my crazy, strange Velourian drag, and I'm not going to be stopped now. I have to make it to the top three. I have to win. laughs. Don't let nobody tell you you ain't beautiful I've worked my entire adult life to build the brand of Trinity Taylor. I deserve to be America's next drag superstar, so I'm coming for that crown, ladies. Back up. We will not be tamed Dreadlocks It's about the drive and the nerve and the desire to win. I'm the total package. If y'all placing bets on anybody, you want to throw $5. 00 down on me. Wig shop, nonstop hair salon You wear it well Value brand newoooo Work it for me, work it for me, me You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well RuPaul laughs. applause. Ladies, I've made my decision. Tonight, I've decided To eliminate No one. All four of you are moving forward to the grand finale of RuPaul's Drag Race. How you like them apples? I love them, girl. Ooh, they real sweet. My top four queens, the race has never been so close. And now I want to hear from our super fans. Who do you think should be crowned America's next drag superstar? Are you TeamPeppermint TeamSasha TeamShea or TeamTrinity? Let your voice be heard. Because Mama Ru wil be listening. Now, remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? Amen! Amen! Can I get a whoopwhoop? Whoopwhoop! Whoopwhoop! Can I get a she done already done had hers? All She done already done had hers. All right. Now let the music play. Hey, kitty girl It's your world Hey, kitty, kitty, girl Whoaohoh Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race You'll be giving our crew members the chance to strut a mile in your shoes. screams and applause. Yeah, I'm having a hard time here. Nina wants to sew two whole outfits from scratch, and Nina don't know how to sew. Trinity Taylor. This was probably the tightest presentation. Alexis Michelle. The outfits are kind of real basic. Nina Bo'nina Brown. Even the bunny part was just sort of half done. Shea Coulee. It felt, like, you know, there's the star sister and then there's the other sister. Trinity Taylor, you're the winner of this week's challenge. Shea Coulee, shantay you stay. Nina Bo'nina Brown Andre Charles, sashay away. Oh, my goodness. sighs. Nina is gone. She did bring a side of drag that most people don't see. But I'm relieved. The negative is gone. It's time to move on. Sue me. Shea Coulee, hope you struggle cleaning this. all laugh. But for real, girl, I still believe in you, bitch, and I can't wait to see what you do. Sorry. I had to grab this 'cause I'm freaking cold. She might be cold, but her pussy is on fire 'cause you won, bitch. cheering. Congratulations. Thank you. What did everybody feel about their critique? So help me, God. Michelle's opinion means so much to me. I don't want her to have to tell me one more time to step up my look. It feels like shit. This is a serious top five, so I have to make sure that I am bringing it hard. So, Shea, not that I enjoyed you being in the bottom, but how's it feel to finally lip sync? Whoo! It really fucking sucks. If she would have sent your ass home, I would have been laughing all the way, bitch. Now that we're the top five, no one is safe. One mistake and you're home. Girl, all I gotta say is free the tuck, honey. Free the tuck. Ooh! car engine starts. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a one year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100,000. With extra special guest judges superduper model Joan Smalls and Andie MacDowell. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Yes, girl. Top five, top five. Top five. Bitch, it's the top five. I'm ready to slay my way to the top. I'm taking this competition seriously. buzzing. Little bugs are my phobia. I don't like gnats. Gnats are the devil. Is it around me? Please, kill it, kill it, kill it. What was the question? Hello, hello, hello. Hey! Oh! Ladies, for today's mini challenge, we're having ourselves a good old fashioned bitch fest, and we're doing it with puppets. screams and applause. Because why? All. Everyone loves puppets. Exactly. Pick out a puppet that represents one of your competitors, and drag it up. First up, Shea Coulee. Reach in, girl. Don't be scared. You know, you'd think that hole would be worn out after so many years. It's Peppermint. Next up, Sasha Velour. gasps. It's Trinity. Trinity Taylor. Oh! I have Shea. all laugh. Peppermint. Alexis. All right, you're up, Alexis Michelle. Here she comes. gasps. all laugh. It's a boy. It's a something. All right, you've got 20 minutes to drag up your puppet. Go! screams. Start with the ass. I'm gonna fuck you up with this puppet, Alexis. I would never wear that color. Make sure you make it basic. I feel like mine's very accurate. Bitch, that is a hot motherfucking mess. Exactly. All right, ladies. Time's up. From the Today Tix Theater, let the bitch fest begin. Hey, girl, you know what? You've been doing really well in this competition, Pepper. How does that make you feel? Aah! Oh, what's going on with the bottom of the outfit? Girl, you know what they say. Power top, lazy bottom. Ow! You do realize you got a little lace right here on your wig. Let me get that Oh! Damn, girl! all laugh. I told y'all don't touch my wigs. Trinity, where are you? I'm right here, girl. I've gotta say, I've learned a lot about drag since I've been here. It isn't just about silicone. It's also about restylane, botox, and this little thing called hot glue that I'm just filling myself up with. Ha! all laugh. Well, Trinity, you are often talking about sex. Oh, girl, I like fisting, glory holes, horse play. That's where you have sex with Nina Bo'nina Brown. all laugh. Couch play. That's where you have sex with Nina Bo'nina's Brown's padding. all laugh. Jelly play. That's where you have sex with me. Hey! all laugh. Oh, hi. How are you, Shea? Well, you have won a lot of challenges this season, but it sure isn't on that makeup, is it? Well, you know, this is how we do it in Chicago, bitch. You know, you might want to check your kitchen, girl, 'cause, you know, you already been clocked about that once. What you mean, girl? I have disco butt. You don't really have that much body, do you, honey? Do you need to go see my doctor? No. We do this natural in Chicago. Sasha, what is that over on your hand? The feathers are the bird that's flying out of the cage. I'm being freed. What's with the crown? Well, Alexis, I really want to be America's next drag superstar. Sasha, don't you think that's a little literal? It's not literal, it's felt. It's meta. Wow, Sasha, that is really deep. End scene. Uncanny. Alexis Michelle, you look so fabulous today. Oh, thank you. I'm just a Broadway girl Okay, Alexis, we got it. Wait a minute. I'll be right back. Don't take too long, 'cause you know it's showtime. Alexis, what are you doing down there? And I'm from Broadway Why you fucking look so green, girl? deep voice. I'm not doping, bitch. laughs. You shady ladies all did real good. all laugh. The winner is Sasha Velour. Yeah. Yeah. You've won a $500 gift card from Today Tix, the last minute theater ticket app. Trinity's ass floats to the top again. All right, ladies, it's time to celebrate our queer culture like only you queens can. For this week's maxi challenge, we're throwing a ball. But not just any old ball. We're throwing the gayest ball ever! Yeah. Ow! GayestBallEver You'll need to work three different looks, each one more gaytastic than the last. First category is RainbowSheBettaDo. We want to see a flaming look inspired by the rainbow flag. Second category is Sexy Unicorn. Yes! Ooh. Hooves and horns and queens. Oh, my! all laugh. Third category is Village People Eleganza Extravaganza. Oh. Shit. Each of you needs to create a look inspired by the legendary group the Village People. That's cowboy, cop, Native American, construction worker, and leather biker couture. Rrr, rrr. So I'm gonna head over to the YMCA and let you guys pick your own Village Person inspiration. Start your engines, and may the best woman win. laugh. We all agreed to be very diplomatic with the selection of the Village People look. I end up choosing the leather biker look because it's all black, and everybody looks good in all black. Aah! Police brutality. Hits too close to home. I chose the cop look. I'm trying to, like, let loose a little bit, be a little bit more edgy. So, Peppermint, what are you making? I'm just trying to go for a very hyperfeminized version of the leather daddy/mommy. Pepper, are you going for like a fetishy look? I don't really have much experience with the leather community. I'm more like the pleather community. all laugh. Peppermint has a great personality. She has a great personality. But her looks, they're just not polished, so that could be her downfall. Coming up What do you think is going to be your winning ticket? I can always count on my smarts. I want to do like a patchwork, big skirt Wait. Let me put my earring on. Uhhuh. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. For today's maxi challenge, we're getting ready for the gayest ball ever. I'm gonna shit glitter. I chose the Native American. I want to give something that will feel a little bit tribal, but also ready to wear. What I need to use is an editing eye in this challenge to make sure that it feels fresh. This is my chance to say, like, I'm not basic, I have taste. Alexis needs to push her aesthetic further. She needs to modernize it. I feel like I could go to New York and throw a stone and hit five other queens that can do exactly what she does. Hiee. Hi. Hello. I'm here. I'm queer. Get used to it. cheers and laughter. Hey, Sasha. Hi, RuPaul. Now, you chose the cowboy? Yeah, the cowboy seems like a winning choice to me, and this fabric is incredible. But constructing is not my strongest suit, so I have to be very, very clever. Yeah. What do you think is gonna be your trump card? Oh, did I say fuck Trump? Not today. Not on the day. Not today. What do you think is gonna be your winning ticket? I can always count on my smarts to push me over the edge. So how are you going to reinterpret the rainbow flag? Well, it really is quite a challenge, because I'm breaking it apart. I'm deconstructing the rainbow God, that sounds overly intellectual, but I promise I have an interesting trick up my sleeve that I'm excited to pull out. Sasha is really, really, deep and puts a lot of thought into her drag, and that's both an advantage, but it's also kind of a disadvantage. 'Cause if nobody knows what the hell is going on, what difference does it make anyway? Whoo. Alexis Michelle. Hi, RuPaul. Now, which character in the Village People are you Wait. Let me put my earring on. Maybe you'll have some sense of what I'm doing. Am I the cop? I think you're the Native American. I'm the Native American. And why'd you choose that one? I saw this bowl of these beautiful turquoise embellishments, and they spoke to me immediately, and I said, you know what? Build the look around these. Uhhuh. Now, last week, the judges had some critiques about your aesthetic. Yes. How'd that make you feel? You know, it hurt, actually. I did sew my bodysuit and leotard. They weren't Halloween costumes I bought in a store. It was just that the outfit you created wasn't two steps beyond. I think I'm on the right track this time, and it's time to be that Phoenix and rise up out of those ashes. Good, because, you know, we're down to the wire here. This is it. This is it. I've chosen something very ambitious, with the amount of stoning that I intend to do to this bodice. Now is the time I've really got to show that I belong here visually. Hi, Shea. Hey, Ru. I see lots of construction worker stuff here. Why'd you choose the construction worker? I'm a really big fan of British fashion, you know, Vivienne Westwood, Burberry. and so I want to do, like, an interesting kind of like patchwork big skirt that has, like, a lot of, like, punk unfinished edges, but still really polished and fashion forward. Oh, my goodness. That's a tall order. Now, Shea, last week you wound up in the bottom two for the first time. Did that shake you up? Oh, girl, it shook me up. It shook me down. It shook me all around. This challenge will determine the final four, so this is big time. This is no joke. Yeah, no. My performance in last week's challenge was just a one time deal. Ain't no slipups from here on out. All right, ladykins, gather round. Now, tomorrow, in addition to your three ball looks, I want you to perform an opening number that pays tribute to the gayest Olympic sport ever rhythmic gymnastics. cheers and laughter. cheers and screams. And that's how you get the gold medal here at Drag Race. cheering. Now, Sasha Velour, you won the bitch fest, so you're in charge of the choreography. Okay. laughs. So good luck, and don't fuck it up. cheers and laughter. Coming up Ow! Oh, my God. Are you all right? Sasha's certainly not delivering. This rehearsal feels kind of unfocused. Crack the whip. I have been trying. Wham! RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Whoo! laughs. Now it's time for us to rehearse our rhythmic gymnastics routine. All right, ladies, let's get to work. I still don't even know what rhythmic gymnastics is, but I'm gonna find out. One thing that I loved that I saw the Olympians do is, like, they hold out these things so we can have that pull apart moment. Yes. So One, two, three, four. Five, six, seven, eight. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. This is ridiculous. Okay, okay, let's focus, let's focus. One, two, three No, wait, Trinity. One, two, three, four Ow! Oh, my God. Are you all right? Oh, my God. Is it red? No, not yet. Bitches getting their ribbons tied in knots, getting slapped in the face. It's actually not as easy as it looks. Okay, okay, so going from the beginning, I come up on three, and then all together we do something on four, right? Yeah. And for the next section, can we do five, six, seven, eight? No. What if the first timeokay. So what if the first time we put Alexis in the middle? Sasha's certainly not delivering. This rehearsal feels kind of unfocused. I grew up in the theater. I know what it means to stage a musical number, so I have a perspective that could help the team out here. Can I make a suggestion, ladies? What do you think about storm the judges, give good face? I'd rather not let it down, actually. I think it'll be sloppy picking it up. I want to keep it as simple as possible. Are you guys all comfortable with, like, a battement? So if we were like Let it rise with attitude Okay. Shea and Sasha think that their ideas are the best. My point of view is just pushed aside as second rate. May I suggest that we do figure eights in place for one, two, three Well, that's gonna change how we get off. Well, maybe if we just move faster. all talking. I don't want to move any faster. I do like adding the movement. All right, you guys. We need to just decide. There's too many chiefs and not enough Indians. Crack the whip. I have been trying. Sasha's too nice, 'cause I would have bitched slapped somebody. Wham! And then twirled my ribbon. And back to work. Motherfucker. How's everybody's look coming along? It's horrible! laughs. I am fucking terrified. Sasha's rainbow runway look, it's very pedestrian. I'm doing the most time consuming part right now. It's going to be, like, a patchwork on, like, flannel. So you're making a costume for Adore Delano? Ooh. laughs. I didn't know she was part of the Village People, but okay. Well, no, she wasn't a part of the Village People, but she was top three, unlike you. Oohhoohoohoo. I'm just not impressed by Shea. Cutoff shorts and a wife beater? Really? Does it look like a construction worker? Bitch, no. So how do you feel about the routine, Sasha? I feel, um I feel good about it. These are very fun to watch, these spinning ribbons. If you're a kitty. Even if you're not. I'm glad it wasn't any longer than it was. Ru better give us sunglasses, 'cause it's getting hella shady up in here. Honestly Uhoh. Get ready, girl. I think that the dance element is not your comfort zone, and I saw your insecurity around that, and it came out a little bit in your behavior. I don't think that I was insecure in the rehearsal at all. To be honest, I was not being listened to. I don't think you stood up as a leader, though. In my opinion, she was trying to steer the ship, and all of us were just, like, blahblahblah. I did not feel you steering the ship. It's clear that my strategy did not work for you, Miss Alexis. Frankly, I also feel like you sort of explicitly trust Shea and Shea's vision more than other folks. Actually, no. I felt like Shea was stepping on my toes a little bit. I was honesty just sharing my ideas, you know. You definitely just, like, straight up talked over me a bunch of times, and it was very challenging. It's going to be a tough battle to get to the top four. I see the claws come out. Rreer! Pfft, pfft. It ain't RuPaul's Best Friend Race no more. Aah! Coming up I'm living for this look. Chic as fuck. You are over. all laugh. bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe, let your whole body talk And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Trapped in the body of a straight girl, it's my gay best friend Michelle Visage. Let me out. Let me out. Oh, honey, you've been out for a while. all laugh. A man who's no stranger to balls, style superstar Carson Kressley. I love a good ball. Two's even better. laughs. And superduper model Joan Smalls. Welcome to my runway. Thank you for having me. I'm super excited. You look gorgeous. Trying to keep up with you. deep voice. Oh, you gonna need a few years for that, son. That was my Lady Bunny impersonation. And the beautiful Andie MacDowell. You ready for some sex, lives and tucking tape? Oh, baby, am I. We're so glad you're here tonight. This week, we challenged our queens to turn out three gagworthy looks for the gayest ball ever. But first, to get this ball rolling, category is Rhythmic Gymnastics AGoGo. laughs. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win. Representing the U. S. of Gay, it's the RuPaul Rhythmic Gymnastics team. Give your all So what if you fall? Legends rise with attitude If you give your all So what if you fall? Legends rise with attitude Storm the judges, give them face Posture, doll, hand on the waist A diva knows her obstacles Sell it back, but don't stop the show Get your ass on up Give your all So what if you fall? Legends rise with attitude laughter and applause. Hit the showers, girls. applause. I think my girls are doping. gasps. Can you feel the love? Let's get this ball rolling. Category is RainbowSheBettaDo. First up, Shea Coulee. Graffiti Nefertiti. I decided to go in a little bit of a different direction and do a dress that is graffiti, and I'm just feeling this look so much. Tag, you're it. Michelle laughs. Sasha Velour. Oh, gorgeous. Color blocking perfection. I'm giving a little nod to The Wizard of Oz and the importance of Dorothy to the gay community. Oh. Honey, I am home. Careful, before someone drops a house on you. Michelle laughs. I'm filing for section great. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. Rainbow Brite. Yes. This look is literal Pride flag. Bright, loud, colorful, stripey. Taste the rainbow. Mmm. Trinity Taylor. That gives whole new meaning to strapon. I'm giving you gay rainbow with a dash of dark lady. I wonder what's at the end of her rainbow. I just want her ass. Uhhuh. all laugh. Peppermint. Ooh, I wonder if her rug matches her drapes. all laugh. My look is a classic Pride look. I'm a classic beauty with a classic booty, and I'm working it like there is no other. This look brought to you by Skittles. Category is Sexy Unicorn. Shea Coulee. She's the black horse of this competition. 50 Shades of Shea. I'm giving you dark and lovely stallion. You can just call me Neigh Coulee. Spank it. Oh. Does she make you unicorny? all laugh. Sasha Velour. Oh. It's the Chronicles of Dragnia. Lord of the Hooves. Yes. When I think of a unicorn, I think of medieval tapestry, and I'm just selling that fantasy beast. The tip of her horn is bleeding. I think this is a period costume. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. Now, she's a real hoofer. I am a glittery, gold unicorn. Look at these hooves. You know what they say about big hooves, don't you? Now, that's what I call a fairytale. She's really feeling her oats. Trinity Taylor. She's got so much energy, it's like Lisa Crank. all laugh. It's every little gay boy's pony fantasy bubblegum, cotton candy, My Little Pony, and I live. Yeah, shake those tail feathers. Peppermint. Hornraiser. My sexy unicorn is a space unicorn. I start to realize that my garment is a little baggy in some places, so I have to kind of move very strategically. Unicorn? I don't remember eating unicorn. Michelle laughs. Category is Village People Eleganza Extravaganza. Serving construction worker couture, Shea Coulee. You better construction work. I deconstructed a whole bunch of flannel shirts to make a cape. I got my hair wrapped up in a turban 'cause you do not want them edges to sweat out. I am feeling invincible. Nailed it. all laugh. Serving cowboy couture, Sasha Velour. Putting the ho back in calico. I have this beautifully tailored red bandana outfit. This, to me, is everything I love about fashion. Your country breakfast is ready. Serving Native American couture, Alexis Michelle. Hey, Alexis, how's your head? I'm so thrilled with how this bodice turned out. I feel current, chic and I look like a million dollars. Well, somebody's gonna need an aspirin. all laugh. Serving cop couture, Trinity Taylor. I like this because it goes from daytime to welding in one simple tilt of the head. I'm feeling strong and sexy. I'm the bad cop that's coming for all the naughty boys. Spread 'em. Yeah, she is armed and fabulous. Serving leather biker couture, Peppermint. Her safe word is wintergreen. all laugh. I am all decked out in leather, and, honey, I'm gonna make them all my slaves. You better call me Master. Whatch! I think you got a date later on, honey. Coming up Ladies, I have to ask, who deserves to go home tonight and why? RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Welcome, ladies. It's time for the judges' critiques, starting with Shea Coulee. Your rainbow was not rainbow at all, but it was so stunning. I just felt coming out in rainbow stripes would have been predictable. Right, but there wasn't one color of the rainbow in there. Not one. This particular look that you're wearing right now, I think it's great. I love the details. But for me, the crowning glory is that patchwork flannel shirt/cape combo. Gives, like, a street style model offduty meets couture, and I would totally wear that, so I hope we share the same size. Can we see that jacket? Can you spin around for us? Wow. Riveting. Yes. No, that's what she was doing earlier. all laugh. Thank you, Shea. Thank you. Up next, Sasha Velour. Let's start with your rhythmic gymnastics. You had this psychotic Dorothy Hamill feel to you. You had this plastered weird smile on your face. It was really well done. I'm a little bit in love with you in general, I have to say. There's something extremely modern about your style. This cowboy look, the details here are so great. Super chic. Your unicorn. It was executed flawlessly. And your rainbow look, I loved when you removed the hat and you gave us Little House On The Fairy. That was amazing. Up next, Alexis Michelle. The gold unicorn, I really liked it. There was something very childlike about it. For the rainbow, I feel it was too literal. If they give you a theme, you should be able to take me there, you know. And I felt like it needed a little bit more of a oomph. And you look incredibly beautiful, but I feel if we take the bow out of your head, I can get that outfit at Ricky's. It's a little bit lackluster. I would love to see this taken way over the top. These two, they're taking an idea and giving it a real twist and just going balls deep, if you will. This is the final five, and there's so much more that could have been done. I nearly went blind stoning this thing. Got it. Still underwhelming. Okay. Up next, Trinity Taylor. The rainbow look. Does it look good? Yeah. Is it the best you could do? No. This is more like bar Trinity back at home. Let's talk about this runway look tonight. I think this is so chic and so glamorous, and all of those little badges and pins are phenomenal. The hair, the makeup, the visor, it's really cool. It's tough. At the same time, it's feminine. The ass looks amazing. laughs. I need to take myself to the gym after this. No, just the doctor. all laugh. Up next, Peppermint. Your unicorn, that was fun, but there was a little bagginess going on in the crotchal area. The rainbow I really loved because it was kind of French diva. I had an instant flash of being in Paris, and I wanted to meet you in the park at night. all laugh. What did you do in France, Andie? In Paris. Just call me anytime you're going to parties, okay? And then, this look, you know, the silhouette is great. I love all the details. As soon as you came out the runway, like, you owned it. And I felt like you were gonna beat me up, but I loved it at the same time. It was, like, I just loved the whole idea. Thank you. Ladies, at this crucial point in the competition, I have to ask, who deserves to go home tonight and why? Let's start with Shea Coulee. I would have to say Alexis Michelle. Sasha Velour. Alexis did really struggle. I would have to say Alexis as well. Very interesting that they're not supportive of my look right now in front of the judges, considering they had nothing to say to me about it in the workroom. Fucking shady whores. All right. Alexis Michelle. Frankly, I'd have to say Peppermint. She has a oneinamillion personality, and I think that she's able to sell looks that aren't always finished. Trinity Taylor, same question. A huge pet peeve of mine is not paying attention to details, so I would have to say Peppermint. All right, Peppermint. Your turn. Probably because she is my biggest competition, Trinity Taylor. Well, thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right. So just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Let's start with Shea Coulee. Overall, I love everything she did. The unicorn was very powerful. Construction couture, amazing. One of my favorites. Her rainbow look did not read rainbow to me whatsoever. I could see in the movie Paris Is Burning, people would be on the floor shouting, it is not a rainbow dress! I get what everyone is saying, but the fact that she included makeup on her body, it was like an artwork. Shea Coulee came here to compete, and she knows how to do it. Sasha Velour. I love Sasha because I think she's original. She gave us rainbow in a really different way, and the unicorn look stood out from the herd. all laugh. I just think she's chic as fuck. Her cowboy look was absolutely beautiful, but it was more fashion than it was drag. Yeah, I come to RuPaul's Drag Race not just to see a look that I'm going to go to Paris and I can see that down a runway. Like, I just needed to be taken to that dream, that fantasy land. You know, I'm torn, because everything Sasha did was absolutely fantastic. But is it gagworthy for a ball? We're looking for the Harlem children to be saying, you are over. You are over. Miss Thing, you are over. Alexis Michelle. Her rhythmic gymnastics thing, she just had so much enthusiasm for it and she gave us like Mary Lou Retton 986 realness. Every time she came out on the stage, I was just so captivated by her beauty. But everything else kind of like fell through. To me, that Native American fell completely short. So many things she could have done to make it so much better and so much draggier. And it looked like a shake and go that she had on tonight. The look was a little bit pedestrian. Again, we have to look at this as this is the top five and this is when you bring the best that you have. Yes. Trinity Taylor. The rainbow look, that was a real miss for me. We need wow factor. I want that look to be an event, and that was like an appetizer. And the unicorn, it wasn't my favorite, but I still thought it was a lot of fun. Even though her unicorn wasn't that special, she sold the fuck out of that thing. Yeah, she did. Her final look, however, was so fantastic. Everything about it, from the hair down to the bottom just worked for me. Pep, Pep, Pep. What's up, Peppermint? I don't think she was a stand out in the rhythmic gymnastics number. I didn't notice if she did a great job or a bad job. I just didn't notice. That's a problem. Her unicorn was definitely out of her comfort zone. She had a Hellraiser thing going on with her head, and the idea was very forward thinking. But it kind of was ruined because the pieces didn't fit properly. But the last look, I felt like she owned it and it was so intimidating and just empowering. And I love the way she commanded the runway with it. She was connecting with all of us. You could tell that she was living. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my Village People. laughs. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Sasha Velour, your three fashion looks really roped us in. Shea Coulee, your three ball looks gagged the judges. Shea Coulee, condragulations. You're the winner of this week's challenge. applause. You've won two VIP tickets to Cirque Du Soleil's sexy adult cabaret Zumanity, including airfare and deluxe Las Vegas accommodations. Yes! Being in the top four feels so good. I am feeling invincible. Sasha Velour, you're safe. Thank you. You may step to the back of the stage. Alexis Michelle, your Native American couture left the judges with reservations. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. I'm pretty angry being placed in the bottom for this week. Frankly, I think what I'm wearing is more fashion than what Trinity and Peppermint are wearing. Trinity Taylor, your cop rocked, but your other looks weren't as arresting. Peppermint, your leather queen dominated, but your unicorn and rainbow were a little light in the loafers. Peppermint, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Trinity Taylor, you're safe. You may join the other girls. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come thunder. to lip synch echoing. for your life. Good luck and don't fuck it up. music plays. Body, body, wanna feel my body? Wanna feel my body, baby? Such a thrill my body Such a thrill my body Yeah, yeah Talking about my body, well Listen here. Every man wants to be a macho, macho man To have the kind of body always in demand You can best believe that he's a macho man Ready to get down with anyone he can Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Macho, macho man Macho man, yeah I've got to be a macho man I've got to be a macho, macho man Hey, hey, I've got to be a macho Whoo! Oh! Oh! all laugh. Girl! Body Yeah You'll adore You'll adore my body, baby Come explore Come explore my body Yeah, yeah Made by God, my body, baby It's so good, my body Hey! You can tell a macho, he has a funky walk His western shirts and leather Always look so boss Funky with his body, he's a king Call him Mister Ego, dig his chains Hey! Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Macho, macho man Macho man, yeah I've got to be a macho man I've got to be a macho, macho man Macho, macho man I've got to be a macho cheers and applause. Ladies, I've made my decision. Peppermint, shantay, you stay. You may join the other girls. Thank you. Alexis Michelle, to misquote Liza Minnelli, if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere. sobbing. Thank you so much. Now sashay away. Thank you. applause. Dream big, my girls. I'm not really surprised. It just wasn't my day. I know it looks like I'm super sad, and the truth is I am. I mean, it's hard to go home right before the end. But I think what I'm really feeling is this was something I wanted for so, so long and I'm finally here. I've learned that I have what it takes. Let this statue be the first of many. You like me. You really like me. Well, look at you, my fab four. Condragulations. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you going love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? Amen! Amen! Now let the music play. Hey, kitty girl It's your world Hey, kitty, kitty girl Whoaohoh My name is Aja. I'm 22 years old. I had to think about that. And I'm from Brooklyn, New York. music playing. I got my drag name from a Bollywood movie. I don't know what it's called, but it had that little song that was like, (SINGING) Jamie, Jamie, Aja. And I was like, I like that. And I absolutely have no idea what it means. But I like it. I'm known for doing things that other people don't do. Not in terms of my drag, but just in terms of I will call everyone out and always speak the truth. That's good. I went to church. They always tell you God don't like liars. And I will not lie to your face. So don't ask me if you look bad because I'll tell you you look bad. I'm just a crazy person. I'm crying now on the inside. I'm not really competitive at all, to be honest. I just really like to have fun and I'm kind of a joker and I like to joke with people. And sometimes, at people. So I hope nobody gets mad at me. My drag aesthetic is very much like slutty, anime girl, but also kind of ratchet. She's from Brooklyn so she has to uphold that hood status. My look is very Judy Jetson hooker. And I'm just very inspired by Gautier meets Mugler meets furry monsters, but pastel. Season 9 is going to be, I don't even know. These bitches are crazy. My name is Alexis Michelle. I am 33 years old and I was born and raised in New York City. When I'm not dressed like this, my name is Alex Michaels. So I decided to feminize my name since Alexis is really my female half. Alexis Michelle is known for her theatricality, her lip sync talents, her live vocals, and being pretty thirsty. I am a fierce competitor, but I also know that my biggest competition is myself. So I don't need to tear anybody down. I can lend you something. I can help you out. And still be able to beat you, like a good girl. I'm a good girl, I am. I am all about body, curve, swerve, glamour, class, a little touch of prostitute, and of course, this mug. When I decided to go with this bright vibrant neon yellow, I said, I want to feel structure. I want to feel my shape. Alexis is known for her cinched waist and her hips. So I wanted to really bring that out, but elevate it to more of a high fashion, almost McQueenesque place. I can sit down at that makeup table and think, oh, god, here we go again, another face. And then something happens. As the shapes start to come out, as the contours pop, as the lashes go on, as I pout my lips. Something comes over me and all of a sudden, Alexis has arrived. Hi, I'm Charlie Hides. I'm from Boston and London, and I'm coughs. years old. I'm bicoastal. I'm a transatlantic dame. My side hustle is I'm a butt double for Britney Spears. How did I get my drag name? It's the name on my passport. So inventive. Creative. Pushed the boat out on that one. I'm known for, apparently, being the oldest drag race contestant ever. Why did I audition for the show? Because I'm so old. If I don't do it now, by next year, I could be dead. I'm so old, my ears are still ringing from the Big Bang. What I do to transform is I take lots of makeup and I throw it up into the ceiling fan. I get under it and hope for the best. My drag look? Eclectic, lots of different things. It's high fashion. I'm a crafty queen. What inspired my look today was Julie Newmar meets Philip Treacy. An inspiration for me is, if I wake up in the morning, I think this is a good day. Let's make the most of it. Let's have fun. Let's look good. Let's make a few people laugh. And if I can get paid for it, all the better. I want to be known for the person that when someone was feeling bad or had a rough day, they saw one of my shows and it made them feel better. I'm a team player, so I work with my team. And when it's my time to shine, I sparkle, Neely, sparkle. Season 9 is going to be the best season ever. You heard it from me. Don't quote me, but I'm pretty sure. My name is Eureka. I come from Johnson City, Tennessee. I am 25 years old and I am big, ready to jig, and ready to win this gig. I actually got my drag name, my mother's name is Eureka, but it's spelt the German form. She's from Germany and I just looked at my vacuum cleaner and was like, Americans, will be able to spell that out and sound it out. So I became Eureka. Eureka's really known in her profession as someone who is high energy, very smiley, very positive, but also is a dancing queen. I like to push the boundaries and the molds that the bigger community has been given. I like to wear things that we're not supposed to wear. I like to have the shape that we're not supposed to have. And I like to dance hard and do things that they don't expect a big girl to do. She's just big and loud and crazy, but fun. She's going to entertain you on and off the stage, regardless. It's who she is. I'm a perfectionist, so everything has to be perfect at all times, especially aesthetically. And it can cause me to be a little introverted at times, and sometimes a little snippy. So the bitches better watch out, because I might cuss, cut, or eat them. If I was going to describe my aesthetic, I would say the KoolAid man meets Eureka's castle meets Hobby Lobby meets the Grand Duchess meets Mary Queen of Scots meets fabulousness. Today, I am inspired by fire and the color red because it dedicates my passion and my drive and the flame that I have under my ass for a fat girl to finally win this beep. competition. My name is Farrah Moan. I'm 23 years old. Born and raised in Texas and now living in Las Vegas. My drag name Farrah comes from my '70s idol, Farrah Fawcett. And Moan comes from, well, me being a whore. When it comes to competing, I am not that competitive. I mostly just make sure that whatever I'm doing is true to what I like and what I want to showcase. I'm definitely not one of those girls that compares myself to other people or wants to be better than anyone. I just want to be the best me that I can. My drag aesthetic is on a spectrum between fetish and showgirl. I think I get a lot of my fetishy inspiration just from my own fantasies and desires. And then my old school Vegas showgirl feel is just from being so inspired by feathers and sparkles and rhinestones and glamour. And just that whole iconic, larger than life silhouette. My look today is inspired by old Hollywood meets retro glam, mixed with a little bit of the fetishy aspect of my aesthetic. Season 9 is going to be absolutely insane. Hi, my name is Jaymes Mansfield. I'm 26 years old and I'm from the Antarctic prison known as Milwaukee, Wisconsin. squeals. My drag name comes from my birth name being James and the actress Jayne Mansfield. I think I'm best known for my YouTube channel, Jaymes Mansfield, where I talk about hair styling, makeup, and even drag queen history, like I'm making right now. I'm a drag foster child. I have two drag mothers, the first one a legendary pageant queen of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Rudy D'angelo. And the third one, a legendary trash queen of West Hollywood, the Amazing Ruby Claire. My side hustle is hairstyling, babysitting, and selling cookies at the church bake sale. I am very competitive. I don't take things lightly. I will hurt people. But I think I'm going to play nice this time and give the girls a little bit before I, you know, slash their eyes out. I transfer into Jaymes Mansfield in one simple way. I stand still and spin myself around in a circle like Wonder Woman and, poof, I'm there. My entire look is inspired by small children, big dreams, and I'd say, my puppetry and creativity. I'm walking art. But not vivacious. I'm pretty. My outfit was created by my wonderful, long suffering maid, Mr. Jaymes. He stayed up many long nights creating this look last minute for me, and I appreciate him for it. My look is inspired by, well, I wanted to be big in the shoulders without having to gain weight. So, squeals. . Season 9 is going to be mine. My name is Kimora Blac. I'm 28 and I'm from Sin City, Las Vegas. I picked Kimora because I love Kimora Lee Simmons, but she's irrelevant now. So obviously, there has to be someone younger. And that's me. But Kimora, no one has it. It can't be duplicated. Kimora just sounds hot. When you hear Kimora, it's like, damn, who's Kimora? I am your life size Barbie, you know? Like out of the Barbie box. Like I am your rich, hot, platinum blonde Barbie. Super bronzy, like straight guys love me. Gay guys love me. Drag queens love me. I'm a really hot guy. Like, I would totally date myself. Like, this full blown, like, beard and, like, hot. But then, when I get into Kimora, it's such a long process because I am so perfected. Because I cannot go out of the house looking like busted. And some of the queens are kind of like busted. So that is like the top of my list is like, one, you cannot be busted. My drag aesthetic is just sexy and show girl. I've come from the city of showgirls. My look today was actually really inspired by this fashion designer Marco Marco. I love his stuff. It's not Marco Marco, but it's just inspired by him. I had to tint my hair hot pink because I bleached it too much and the split ends were kind of showing. So I had to kind of go in so real girls don't get too jealous of me. Hey. Well, I am Nina Bo'Nina Banana Fofana Osama on season 9 Brown. And honey, I am from South Carolina, but I do reside in Riverdale, Georgia. My first drag name was Beata Bitchass. And then it was Lady Guinevere, but people couldn't spell that. They would call me Lady Guinea Pig. I was sleeping one night and I had a dream. And somehow, the word Nina was just in my dream. I would use that name, go to the club. Somebody would say, come out, Nina Bo'Nina. And I'm like, OK. If 2 plus 2 equals 4, that makes sense to me. So that was Nina Bo'Nina and I said Brown. My aesthetic is hard to describe. Like really, I don't know how to describe myself. I don't know where I belong. I don't want to be in a box, either. And I feel like I'm a black queen who does things that a lot of black queens haven't really done. Even a lot of white queens. I can give you glam. I can give you sexy. I can give you crazy. I can give you a character. It's whatever I choose. I just don't want to be, like, a onenote queen. What inspired today's look was grape KoolAid. No, seriously. What does a video game, actually. A video game. I'm a big video player, I'm a nerd. I'm a guy. So anybody out there who plays some PlayStation, honey, bring it on. And in the game, you get to make your build your own characters. And there was this badass purple alien bitch. And I was like, cheekbones, lips, eyes, that's me. Kiddies, tune in because season 9 is going to be surprising and you are not going to know what to expect, baby. So get ready. My name is Peppermint and I'm 37 years old from New York City. I got my drag name because I was sitting in a parking lot with this guy I totally had a crush on. And I was eating my favorite candies, which are peppermints. And he just said, you know, you should call yourself Peppermint. I honestly would have done anything he said, and so I did. Peppermint's my name. It stuck. I've been doing drag for so long. And I have done lots in drag. I've done lots of shows. I've done lots of people. I've done it all. And I really wanted something new, something that challenged myself. And I think this is the perfect, perfect place to do that. My aesthetic is classy, chic, uptown flair, very urban, with a little bit of sex pot thrown in. Today's look, my hair is inspired by RuPaul herself from her Ho, Ho, Ho Christmas album. I think this is ho number two, this hair. And I just wanted to do something fabulous and flowy. And I'm giving a little bit of Endora from Bewitched. I want to be known for the confidence that I have with my drag being as equal to the confidence that I bring to my everyday life as a trans woman and win. The first transgender winner. That sounds great. Season 9 is going to be epic because I'm here. I'm a legend. I'm fierce, I'm fabulous, and I'm ready. My name is Sasha Velour. I'm 29 years old and I live in Brooklyn, New York. My drag name is my actual name, Sasha. That was the name I was born with. And my whole life, I've had people tell me that it's a girl's name. So the logical conclusion is just to become a girl. Velour is a cheap imitation fabric. It's more useful and more affordable than velvet. So I think it's the perfect metaphor for drag. I'm an intense competitor. I love to win. I love to take a challenge and transform it to really work for me. And I'm excited for this competition. To transform into my fabulous drag persona is about the physical ritual of painting my face and costuming my body and shaving off all the hair and strapping everything down. That ritual really does help me transform into this fabulous being that's so much more than just my body. It's my ideas and my imagination. I think that drag is the art form of the queer imagination. So it's all about beauty that goes beyond gender. It's about experimentation and remixing and combining different elements from different places. So it's just a hodgepodge of different fabulous and queer things that I love. Today's look is, like, '60s meets '20s. It's a bit of Philip Treacy, it's a bit of crazy, bald club kid. And it's my absolute favorite colors, red and pink and everything in between. Season 9 is going to be revolutionary. Hi, my name is Shea, Miss Coulee if you're nasty. I'm 27 years young and I'm from the Windy City. I got Shea because my middle name is Shea and in Swahili, it means beautiful boy. And I thought that that was appropriate and so I picked Coulee because I wanted to sound like a French supermodel. I'm gorgeous, I'm talented, I can sew, I can dance, I can act, I can sing. I can put my legs behind my head. I can speak French. You know, the list goes on and on. I'm known for being a really strong performer. I'm known for having a very editorial image online. I love fashion. I love clothing. I love modeling. And yeah, girl, I'm just sickening the house down, boots, Gaga, yes. My aesthetic is equal parts bougie and bangi. I woke up like this. So I mean, I just literally rolled out of bed and then walked my beautiful little black ass over here and sat in this chair. What is drag? I just wanted to give you African goddess realness, Queen Nefertiti. Yeah, I just wanted to give you a really good visual of what a true queen looks like. Up until this competition, I always downplayed myself in order to make people feel comfortable and less threatened. But now that I'm here, frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. So these girls better watch out. Season 9 is going to be unforgettable. Hi, I'm Trinity Taylor. I'm 3 years old. I'm originally from Birmingham, Alabama. And now, I reside in Orlando, Florida. I really liked Trinity from The Matrix. She was a bitch. She had a strong personality. She a strong look. And at the time, I was like, I want to be her. And so I would wear jet black hair with no hair line, just horrible. Looked like a brick. But that's who I thought I was. Yeah. I come from pageants, so I'm very competitive. I came here to win. So that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to claw my way to the top. Putting makeup on other people other than myself for my day job is kind of boring because it's all like, nude, beige, and more nude. You know, I like this. I like the glam, the glitter, rhinestones, big lashes. They don't let you do that. My aesthetic is fierce. I love fashion. I love body. I love beauty. I love hair. I love makeup. I love to be a transformation. I was inspired for this look, just this is my favorite color. I love blues. I love teals and turquoise. And I was thinking, I want to be a ferocious futuristic bitch. I want to be known for the fact that I'm very wellrounded. That I can sew, that I can do my makeup and hair, and still be nice to these other girls and help them out and still slay them. Because I'm that good. Hello, my name is Valentina. I live in Los Angeles, California, and I'm a little girl. My drag name came about it, it just like, snapped. It came to me. It sounded like a character out of a Pedro Almodovar film. It sounded like the protagonist from a telenovela. There's actually a salsa called Valentina. And also, I love Valentino and the color Valentino red. So I felt like Valentina was the perfect name. I'm glamorous, I'm Latina, I'm tall, I'm skinny, and luxury. I love luxury. And I'm a perfectionist and I strive for perfection. It's something that's impossible, but why not shoot for the stars? Getting into drag, I have a ritual. Getting in drag, the process, it's my favorite part. So I turn on my candles, I put on my music. I sip on a glass of wine and I just paint. And I enjoy it. And I take a really long time getting ready. I love to luxuriate in the moment and really get excited when it comes time to put my blush or my lip gloss. And now lashes. And girl, put those contacts on and, boom, the transformation is ready. I love to get ready. It's my favorite part of drag. Today's look is referencing Prada's last season, the spring/summer. I wanted to do a neoprene and I wanted the color to be mint and a inaudible. coat. I'm really going for, like, this fantasy of just kind of doing a modern take on '60s glamour with the spiky lashes and the teased hair. Get into it. Season 9 is going to be drama. Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race You'll be acting in 902Ho. cheering. Grandrea Zuckerwoman will be played by Aja. I don't want to be Grandrea. If it's going to be that tense, I'll take Grandrea. Action. Action. No wonder I'm addicted to speed. I'm addicted to speed, too. No, you're not. No, you're not. We're all going to the same college. We're gonna work together again. Nina Bo'nina Brown Carrington Colby. You weren't really selling the lines. Where are the cool people? Aja. You were playing the bitch, and it felt kind of flat for me. You basically handed Shea a moment to shine. Trinity Taylor, you're the winner of this week's challenge. Nina Bo'nina Brown, shantay, you stay. Aja, sashay away. Oh, that was a rough, rough one, honey. Whoo. Oh. I feel heartbroken. Aja was my Brooklyn boo, and I'm really, really gonna miss her. Love you guys. XOXO, Aja. Aw. Aw. Anybody got any Windex? laughs. The truth is, I'm thrilled to see the room thinning out because I know I'm the contender in this competition. Aren't y'all two neck and neck now? Well, I have two wins and she has a win and then a partnered win. Ooh! Ooh! But also, weren't you in the bottom two? And I never even landed in the bottom three, bitch. What's up? Oh. Ouch. Oh! all laugh. I'm kind of jealous. I want to win, too. 'Cause we're at the point now where if you haven't won at least one challenge, then why are you here? Well, how do you feel being told that you're perfect? Again. They told you you're perfect? One day, she'll run out of perfection. Yeah, we'd all like to be in the top, but the cookie doesn't always crumble that way. Thank you, JonBenet Ramsey. all laugh. At this point, there's only two girls who have not won any challenges yet, Peppermint and Farrah. That ain't a good thing. Hey, Farrah, thanks for looking like a drag queen today. all laugh. Peppermint's for sure in trouble, and Farrah's days are for sure numbered. Byebye, do not collect $200, no cab ride for you. Oh The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a oneyear supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100,000. With extra special guest judges Fortune Feimster and Tamar Braxton. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Hello, girls. It's today. Good morning. It's a new day, which means a new challenge. laughs. Hello, hello, hello. Oh! Oh! Ladies, I just came from the eye doctor, and she prescribed me these new reading glasses. And her timing couldn't have been better because in the great tradition of Paris Is Burning, it's time for the reading challenge. all laugh. Because reading is what? Fundamental. Fundamental. Thank you very much. Sasha Velour, come on down. Whoo. The library is open, darling. Okay. clears throat. Alexis Michelle, Broadway's calling. In this case, it's the one in Brooklyn where the whores work. all laugh. Shea Coulee, you remind me of my favorite movies. Your fashion, Coming To America, and your smile, Jurassic Park. all laugh. I'm so happy that we have on loan, from Madame Tussaud's RuPaul statue and Miss Trinity Taylor. Nina Bo'nina Brown, your pads are so big, you bend down to pick something up off the street and the garbage man says, who left this raggedy couch here? Goodwill pickup is on Sundays. all laugh. Farrah Moan, all those mens that buy you fancy designer shoes, they're not your boyfriends. They're called johns, and they're your employers. Ooh. Ooh. SheaShea Coulee, you sure are a scene stealer. I guess gnawing on set pieces explains those teeth. Ooh. Oh. That felt good. Valentina. Yeah. Your wardrobe sure does look expensive, but money can't buy talent. Ooh. Hey! Farrah. You really are the social media queen. Too bad you can't get a filter for that personality. Oh! Oh. Peppermint, you assassinated Cynthia in the lip sync, but did you have to practice on your wardrobe? Haha! Nina Bo'nina Brown Jurassica Parker. Hey, sis. You've had some ups and downs in this competition, and I cannot wait to read it all in your biography Fifty Shades of Ashy. all laugh. Alexis Michelle, you're oh, so Broadway but you're also very broad. Trinity Taylor, I once told you that you're so beautiful inside and out. I lied, you ugly stripper. all laugh. Ladies, we're going to do an exercise. Everybody raise your arms up to the sky. And, Shea, this is for you. One word deodorant, bitch! all laugh. Peppermint, you need one. all laugh. I told y'all she's sneaky. Oh, my God, I hate doing this kind of stuff. I know. Sasha all laugh. You and Ru have a lot in common. He's bald, you bald. He wear glasses, you wear glasses. He's rich Never mind. all laugh. Alexis, you're like a BMW. Body made wrong. Oh! Valentina, you think you're Miss Venezuela, but you're more like Miss QuinceaÃ±era. Oh, man. Alexis Michelle, Pillsbury called. They want their rolls back. Ooh. Oh. Okay, that's all I got. Thank you, Farrah Moan. Farrah. I can't do that. Oh, you did. The library is officially closed. Now, you're all avid readers, but one of you is the head librarian. Valentina. Oh, you did it! You've won a fournight stay for you and a guest at the Saguaro Palm Springs. Oh, I love Palm Springs. Now, reading one another do take nerve, but you need titanium balls and tits to read a legendary queen. So for this week's maxi challenge, we're bringing back The RuPaul Roast. Oh. Oh. RuPaulRoast. But this time, our guest of dishonor won't be me. The person you'll be roasting is Michelle Visage. all cheer. And get this. She has no idea. gasps. Oh, my God. Now, Valentina, since you won the reading challenge, you'll decide the order of the presenters. And a word of warning, ladies. Michelle never forgets. evil laugh. So don't fuck it up. applause. Whoo! Here we go, y'all. What are you thinking, Valentina? Do you know what order you want to go in? I want to go just somewhere in the middle. Valentina, I know that, like, first and last are like the hardest positions, and I don't mind either one of them. Okay. So going first, it's going to be Shea. All right. Second is going to be Sasha. Okay. Third is going to be the one and only me. Going fourth, Trinity. Fifth, Farrah. Sixth, Peppermint. Seventh, Nina Bo'nina Brown. And closing our show is Alexis. Time for us to start writing jokes. Be clever. That's the goal. Here's a tip. Don't make it about my body. Oh, my Lord. I was surprised. You guys came from anything to do with my size. I just, like, would have preferred not to do with body image. So that's all I have to say about that. People, we can't be sensitive. It's a comedy challenge. Girl, get over it. You knew people were going to read you. You made fun of other people. Calm down. You're a drag queen, honey. I'm sorry about my joke. I don't want you to feel that I think it's okay to make you feel that way. I feel like right now, Alexis is in her head, and I'm concerned that she's not going to take it far enough. And for a roast to be good, you gotta go all the way. Coming up Everybody's nervous. Oh. Oh. No digo nada. Bye, bitch. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Oh. Oh, my God. We have to do a roast of Michelle Visage. Oh, my fucking God. Everybody's nervous. Aja, you might have got lucky getting out of here. I am frozen, and I'm not even talking about my face. So I have my pen in one hand and I have my hand on a piece of paper, and I just think. And nothing. Oh Virgen de Gaudalupe, por favor, ayÃºdame en este momento porque no digo nada. Girl, Guadalupe ain't gonna write these jokes for you. You gotta do it for your own self, girl. So get to work. whimpers. Hello. Hi! Hello. Hi. I brought Ross to help you with your material. This is my first time ever in the workroom. Do you know that? You're kidding. Oh, my goodness, well, welcome. It's just like I pictured it. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. Hi, gentlemen. Hi. Now, a little birdie told me that you were a little miffed off by the reading challenge. I just thought some of my sisters could have come up with more original material. Oh. You were more disappointed than miffed. No, the truth is, Ru, body image has been something I've struggled with for a lot of my life. And I have talked with my sisters and they know what I've struggled with. That's why it was a little bit, um, hurtful. So you feel like it's okay for you to make fun of someone else, but not someone else to make fun of you. Um, look, I will try, you know, whenever I come for anybody on that runway, to make sure that we're all laughing together. Right. But that's the thing about comedy. You know, a lot of times, especially people who've been through hell and high water with an issue, the only way to get through it is to friggin' laugh at it. Laugh at it, that's true. Mmhmm. 'Cause look, you survived. Yeah. Have you ever done comedy before? I have. Actually, at my weekly show, I spend a lot of time on the mic. And you're actually going last in the lineup. How do you feel about that? I honestly was ready to open her and set the tone or close her out and, uh, let them eat cake. Okay. All right. Well, listen, you have experience in this. A lot of the other girls don't. And because you do, we're going to need you to bring it extra. All right. We'll see you out there. Make us laugh. See you. Bye. Hey, Farrah Moan. Oh, hi. Now, you did the reading earlier. How'd that go for you? Honestly, I really didn't like doing it. You know, I did go for a low blow with Alexis Michelle and it did not feel good. Now, are you more worried about what other people will think of you? I just am more worried about staying true to my integrity and not hurting anyone. You're 2. What kind of integrity do you have? laughs. I get it. I would go on Chelsea Lately all the time, and that show was really about tearing down Hollywood. And my nature is to be nice, so I'd be the one in the corner going, but I like Jessica Simpson, you know, trying to Oh But it can be done. Lube her up a little bit. Yeah. You know what I mean? I love you, Michelle, but Uhhuh, uhhuh. I'm the biggest fan of Michelle Visage, but Yeah, exactly. Then it's not as mean. Totally. Except it's totally mean. Yeah, right. Now, you haven't won any challenges. I know. Because at this point in the competition, if you haven't won any challenges, you may wind up in the bottom. Oh, don't say that, Ru. You gotta come for it. Okay? All right, make us laugh. Yeah. Byeee. Byeee. laughs. Hey, PepPepPeppermint. Hey, yo, yo, Ru. Hi. How are you? Ross, hey, baby. Good to see you. Now, obviously, Michelle is the target of this roast. Does this scare you? Does this excite you? It scares the shit out of me. Tell me about it. I've never roasted anyone before. Are you a funny queen? I think so. I mean, I think people will laugh. I think you are, but so far in this competition, you've had some trouble getting out of the gate, so to speak. I feel like it's more like crossing the finish line. Okay, all right. Ding, ding, dong. Are you hungry for a win? I'm starving, and this is the time. Well, that's up to you. All right, thanks, Peppermint. Sasha Velour. Hi, guys. Now, you're very smart. You're intellectual. How are you going to pull off a gutter roast? I feel like my worries about not being funny have been getting in my way. Are you funny in life? That's the big question. I make people laugh, but in my shows, my edge is that it's serious and analytical and has a bit of philosophy and politics. You gotta use what you got. Maybe you can use this sort of intellectual thing to make fun of yourself and then go after Michelle. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. Now, how's the joke writing coming along? I'm having some writer's block with this one. Well, time's running out. I know. Have you written any jokes? I've written the words mutton dressed as lamb. all laugh. Which could apply to a lot of people. Yeah. This is going to be very interesting. Just make sure you make us laugh. Absolutely. And don't forget, please, make us laugh. all laugh. See you. See you. All right, listen up, pretty girls. Roast them good, ladies. Mmhmm. laughs. Let's go, Ross. Okay, bye. Bye, bye, bye. Whoo! So mutton is old sheep. Okay, okay, okay. And lamb is baby sheep. But also people use it to describe when someone who is old is dressing to appear younger. Okay. Mmmm. both laugh. Bye, bitch. laughs. Coming up We challenged our queens to perform in the second RuPaul Roast, but our guest of honor isn't going to be me. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. This week's maxi challenge is the RuPaul Roast and this time, we'll be roasting Michelle Visage. Farrah? Yes. I'm sorry I insinuated you were a prostitute. Oh, thank you, baby. I'm sorry I made fun of your rolls, and I'm sorry for bringing it up now. all laugh. I'm sure that your johns are really lovely people. Oh. Whoo! Whoo! Okay, girl. all laugh. There's moments, you guys, where, like, there's a joke said and then everybody laughs and I look around and just start, like, laughing to blend in. all laugh. That was my experience. When I first lived in Russia, humor in another language is so challenging. How long did you live there? I lived there for, like, two and a half years altogether. Oh, my God. I got stuck in Moscow. I was presenting female and my ID does not match. And I was in Moscow airport for a connection, I think, like 30 minutes. This was eight months ago. Oh, my God. And so we land and we're supposed to go to the little transfer desk or whatever. And the woman, she didn't speak any English, and she just kept looking at my ID and looking at me. And it was clear that she was disagreeing with the fact that my ID looked male and I looked female. Okay, so that's what it was. So she detained me. Oh, my. That's really terrifying. I was terrified to the point where I had to snatch my own wig off my head in the line with all these people. Oh, my God. Just to prove to her that I'm this is me and please let me go in. It was so humiliating. That's really a tragedy. There's a lot of gender fear in Russia. Yeah. I feel for her. When I was living in Russia, I had to disguise myself. I couldn't be Sasha Velour. I had to think carefully about what clothes I was wearing, how I moved my body. Queer people in Russia are living in an oppressive system. I just have to keep in mind that it doesn't take away my womanhood. Amen. Awoman. all laugh. RuPaul laughs. Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe, let your whole body talk And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Michelle Visage, it's roasting time. Hope you brought a pig. I sure did. snort snort. From Hollywood Today Live, the hilarious Ross Mathews. Are you ready to be read, for filth? Good thing I brought my saniwipes. Eew. all laugh. Writer, actress, comedienne Fortune Feimster. I hope you have a thick skin. Yeah, and I'm extra crispy. all laugh. And Drag Race favorite of alltime. com, Tamar Braxton. Hey, girl. Hi, darling. laughs. This week, we challenged our queens to perform in the second ever RuPaul Roast. But this time, our guest of honor isn't going to be me. I've challenged our queens to roast Michelle Visage. Oh. What? Surprise! No. Bitch. It takes one to know one. all laugh. With cool cocktails provided by Micky's West Hollywood, let's get this Michelle roast started. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. Coming up It's me, Mother Maybelline Nina Bo'nina Banana Fofana Osama bin Laden Brown's great aunt. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. cheers and applause. Welcome to the second annual RuPaul's Roast. This year, we are really switching things up. Instead of RuPaul, we are going to roast a man of true charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent. Michelle laughs. Unfortunately, he was unavailable, so it's going to be Michelle Visage. Michelle, we know you for being a kind, patient shero. And gonorrhea clinics know you as Patient Zero. all laugh. Girl, you have had more shit in you than a urinal at Dodger Stadium. The only difference is they get cleaned up after a grand slam. Well, ladies and gentlemen, just remember, if you liked my performance, my name is Shea Coulee. And if you hated it, it's Nina Bo'nina Brown. all laugh. cheers and applause. Thank you, Shea Coulee. That was extremely edifying humor. Uh, sorry, am I using that word correctly? Not edifying. I know that one. It was humor that I wasn't sure worked in this context. Tonight, we really do have an opportunity to salute empowering representation in the media. We have an out and proud lesbian comedian. Thank you so much, Ross Mathews. all laugh. Ross Mathews has the face of a young gay man and the voice of an adult woman. So the opposite of Tamar Braxton. all laugh. Bitch. I'm gonna get yo ass. It's now come time to talk about Michelle Visage herself. Michelle is so Jersey, her idea of classical music is Lisa Lisa. Hey! Michelle Visage is so Jersey, she calls her pubic hair the Garden State Expressway. And let's not even get started on the Holland Tunnel. Whoo. Michelle Visage is I have more of these. Michelle Visage is so Jersey, she wanted to call her second child White Flight. Oh, well. That one worked in my mind. And now, a queen who combines all the excitement of smiling with the thrill of just standing there. all laugh. Give it up for Valentina. cheers and applause. Mama RuPaul, you are the shadiest queen because you let Michelle Visage look so busted on Season 3 and 4 and 5 and 6 and 7 and 8. all laugh. And girl, that's your friend. That's fucked up. Michelle is such a cochina that she knows how to say and spell harder in six different languages. Michelle, you is such a tiredass ho that when you got carpal tunnel from giving out free hand job, she just became lefthanded. I'm so confused. Ross, you're just so cute and so sweet. You just remind me of a cute hamster. I just want to shove you up my butt. Boo! exaggerated drawl. Thank you, Paydro, mowee beein. (muy bien) Please excuse the way I'm dressed. I have to go feed the chickens after this, and I didn't want to wear my good things. I sometimes even have to wrestle a few of them. Michelle, you know all about wrestling cocks, don't you? I think we have a lot in common, from the same tastes in hairspray to the same units of Botox fillers, lips, tucks, nips and hips. Michelle, every time I walk the runway, you have this pungent look on your face, kind of like you got to shit. I reckon they have some laxatives for that. Just a secret. We all poop. applause. Let's get this roast acookin'. clears throat. Can we please put our hands together for the one, the only Michelle Visage's breasts? They're the real star of the show. Sorry, RuPaul. Hmm. I find it hilarious that Michelle Visage judges a talent competition. I don't know about you, but don't you actually have to have talent to do that? Ha. And I'm pretty sure having one song in the nineties that no one even remembers doesn't qualify you to be a judge on such a big TV show. Good thing she's been sucking RuPaul's dick for so long. Oh. Whoo! Oh, and we've got Tamar Braxton in the house. Taymar Braxton. However you say it. She's Toni Braxton's less talented, more annoying sister. clears throat. Anyways, now that Michelle's dick breath has stunk up this entire stage, I'd like to introduce our next minty contestant, Peppermint. cheers and applause. Hey, y'all. Thank you, Farrah Moan. all laugh. Ross, everyone says that your voice is annoying and highpitched, but I actually love the sound of your voice right now. laughs. Shh! Don't talk, don't talk. Michelle Visage, Michelle, Michelle. Not since Destiny's Child has a Michelle become so famous for riding somebody else's coattails. all laugh. RuPaul, all smiles, Ross, all smiles, Michelle, poker face. No, seriously. Someone poke her face. It doesn't even move. Michelle says no to everything. Michelle, you like my dress? No. You like my makeup? No. Bitch, where the hell were you when somebody asked you if you wanted to write that book? all laugh. It's a great book, Michelle. Said no one. all laugh. Honestly, I fell in love with you, Michelle, watching you and RuPaul on VH, and I'm so honored to share this moment with you, so thank you. Happy 90th birthday, Michelle. cheers and applause. Hey, babies. It's me, Mother Maybelline Nina Bo'nina Banana Fofana Osama bin Laden Brown's great aunt. Coming all the way from the lions, tigers and bears, and sheep of the Lord Missionary Baptist Church. Praise the Lord. Moving on to the man of the hour, RuPaul's secretary Michelle Visayge. You know, Michelle, your face reminds me of my hip. Stiff. Oh, Jesus. What's your name, baby? laughter and groans. You are a whole lotta woman. Mmhmm. Well, we normally save the best for last, but in this case, we had to settle for Alexis Michelle. applause. Oh, Michelle, Michelle, Michelle. In honor of your big night, I wore your favorite color, girl. laughs. Um We have so much in common, Michelle. We have the theater running in our veins, Michelle. You also have several venereal diseases running through yours, but that's besides the point. laughs. But, you know, you're also an inspiration to me, Michelle. As thin as you have become, one area has stayed the same, unchanged. It's a Hanukkah miracle, Baruch HaShem. Oh, my goodness, Fortune. You also know about playing second fiddle. You've been playing bullshit to Chelsea Handler's alcoholic WASP for ages now. Now, Michelle, I have to congratulate you on really being able to take the piss. Just ask the UK men's water polo team. Okay. She loves water sports. She loves the UK. And we love you, mama. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. It's been real. Good night, everybody. scattered applause. This is not a happy ending. And it don't help that you look like She Hulk. Coming up The jokes, they seemed more like observations. You just looked like you were going to throw up. This is a roast. You go hard or go home. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome, ladies. I've made some decisions. Nina Bo'nina Brown Earl Jones. Valentina. You ladies are safe. You may leave the stage. Now it's time for the judges' critiques. Let's start with Shea Coulee. I know a thing or two about being somebody's opening act. Yeah. And, you know, you just set the tone, you know, to be funny, to be original. And your jokes were really funny. I'm probably gonna steal them and put them in my next special. Have them. Thank you. You did a great job. Thank you. Next up, Sasha Velour. When you started the roast, I think you were way too smart for the room. But the minute you started laying into me, it was friggin' genius. You have a very specific POV. You know, what does a roast look like through Sasha's eyes? And I think you gave us that tonight. Trinity Taylor. What I liked was that you had a character. Mowee beein. But everything else didn't work for me. You didn't have the jokes. I think even before you got up there, you just looked like you were gonna throw up, and you still kind of have that look. It's the Botox, I promise. Oh, okay. See, that's funny. And, like, I would have liked to have seen you sort of trust yourself more. Up next, Farrah Moan. Farrah, nothing landed, honey. If you're gonna be harsh, it has to land. And I think everything that came out of your mouth was harsh. That's not a bad thing. It's a roast. But you gotta follow it up with a punch line. People have to laugh. Yeah, I fucked up. I wouldn't call it fucked up, but I would call it fucked up. Okay. Because we identified the problem in the workroom. You said being mean is not my nature. But if you don't like to say that person sucks, you can say, I love Michelle so much, I was dying to meet her. And she was exactly like I'd hoped she'd be, horrible in every way. It would have been a POV that none of the other girls had. All right, up next, PepPepPeppermint. So by the time you came up, I was hungry for just a good piece of roast, and you served it. I was like Ross, just waiting for somebody to just come out there and bring the energy. And you just killed it. And you look beautiful. It just all works for me tonight. I would totally take you to prom. all laugh. Alexis Michelle. My question the whole entire time is why is she green? Well, Tamar, have you ever watched the show? But going green like you did, I expected like a Broadway thing 'cause you look like Elphaba. And then, like, this Jersey accent comes out. She likes water sports. I was like, I don't know what to do with these two things. I literally forgot there was an audience here. That's how silent they were. And the jokes, they seemed more like observations. You were almost too soft. Yeah. It was like you were afraid of hurting us. This is a roast. You go hard or go home. Thank you, ladies. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. car engine starts. All right, now just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Shea Coulee. I thought she set a great tone. She didn't shy away from her jokes. I was a fan. But on the runway, is it the most creative look we've ever seen? Sasha Velour. I was panicked for her. Then she got this formula that she just inserted the jokes in and it worked. The way she was like analytical at first didn't bother me because it worked with her outfit, and she was funny on top of that. You know, she was really smart about being smart. Yeah, it was a real breakthrough moment for her. Trinity Taylor. The father, the son and the holy ghost. Yeah. We're not with Trinity. No. Not today. The jokes just weren't strong enough. Yeah. It was road kill. laughs. That's good eatin'. But the outfit was on point. It was super cute. I'm from North Carolina, so I felt like she fit right in with my white trash people. Farrah Moan. I thought she reminded me of Marilyn Monroe when she did the whole birthday thing for JFK. And I thought she was gonna come up and do her whole character breathy. like this and it would've been funny. But what it came across as a really nervous kid who came to tell people off in a harsh way. You know, it hit me. She would be perfect at doing Elvira. She's got the same sort of vocal cadence. You know, the fact that everybody's like, oh, you look like this, you look like this means probably who she really is isn't coming through. I think Fortune brought up such a good point. She doesn't know who she is. At all. She knows she's a cute girl and can wear pretty clothes. Yeah. But there's nothing more than that yet. All right. So let's move on to Peppermint. Tonight she was really funny. Not only was she funny, but she looked probably the best we've ever seen her. She was literally a smiling assassin. Really, seriously. From the hair, the makeup, the gown, to the funny jokes, I really, really enjoyed her. Like, she was really the highlight of the evening to me. Alexis Michelle, the Green Mile. all laugh. For to come out here with her whole body green, I was just trying to figure out, what? Who in the hell left the gate open? You know what I'm saying? Like, what we gonna get? It was a long way to go for a oneword joke. Michelle doesn't like green, so I painted my body except for my feet. all laugh. It just was misguided. Yeah. Confused. I actually drew a picture, look, on my notes, of a bomb. Oh, my goodness. But we know what Alexis can do because she has delivered in the Snatch Game, as Kris Jenner. But she chose this position to go last. That's a big swing, and it was a big miss. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. RuPaul laughs, bell rings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Shea Coulee, you're safe. You may join the other girls. Thank you. Sasha Velour, you're smarty, arty, and tonight, you turned the party. Peppermint, we finally got a taste of the real Peppermint, and we loved it. Peppermint, condragulations. You're the winner of this week's challenge. applause. Aah! You've won a fiveyear membership with Squarespace, which includes a consultation with their design team for your own personal website and online shop. Thank you. And Sasha Velour, you're safe. The two of you may join the other girls. applause. Trinity Taylor, your barnyard humor did not make us go, hey, girl, hey. Farrah, tonight you made us moan, but for all the wrong reasons. Alexis Michelle, tonight you proved it's not easy being green, and comedy is even harder. Trinity Taylor You're safe. sighs. You may join the other girls. whispers. Thank you. Farrah Moan, Alexis Michelle, I'm sorry, my dears, but you are up for elimination. My heart is racing. Getting to Drag Race has been an eightyearlong journey, and feeling like this might be the end of that journey is devastating. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come thunder. to lip sync echoing. for your life. I just have to take a deep breath and focus, because this is it. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. music plays. You look at me that way I know what your eyes say Your eyes reflect love and desire I see that you need me I need you to please me You touch me and set me on fire I cannot resist you Each time I kiss you Then everything goes up in flames Baby, I'm burning out of control Baby, I'm burning body and soul Hot as a pistol of flaming desire Baby, I'm burning You got me on fire Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning Baby, I'm burning out of control Baby, I'm burning body and soul Hot as a pistol of flaming desire Baby, I'm burning You got me on fire Baby, I'm burning out of control Baby, I'm burning You got me on fire applause. Whoo! Ladies, I've made my decision. Alexis Michelle, shantay, you stay. You may join the other girls. Thank you. Farrah Moan, you're a beautiful queen with a big future. Shine on, showgirl. Now sashay away. Thank you guys so much. applause. I am so proud of myself for never letting go of my dream, but I've got a lot more to learn. It's been nice, L. A. , but now it's time for me to go cook in Vegas. Oh. My queens, condragulations. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? Amen! All right. Now let the music play. Hey, kitty girl It's your world Hey, kitty, kitty girl Whoaohoh Previously on All Stars You'll be performing our very own VH Divas Live. cheering . Happy New Year, everybody. all laugh . Should be criminal Don't make sense for a bitch to be this endowed all laugh . Kennedy. Janet is a very specific kind of move. You could have worked a little harder. Thorgy Thor. I felt like I was looking at Thorgy with a blonde wig on. I was in character the entire time. It's stupid. sobs . I think that's a lot of emotion for safe. Shangela, you're a winner, baby. Yay! Thank you. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? I know what it's like to come back to this competition and be sent home again without getting the crown. The person I've chosen to send home Is Thorgy. Oh, Jesus. Gross. Thorgy, sashay away. Whoo! Oh, my God. Halleloo, am I right, ladies? That is not a halleloo moment. Oh. Oh. laughs . Oh! She put a penis and balls. Ms. Thorgy drew the a very like, you know, a picture of what the laughs . She drew a picture. Wow. I don't like that. No, that see, that makes me mad. I don't like that. That's just not right. She's a clown. She's It's a joke, obviously. No, I don't get it. But because you're not a clown. Well, you look like a clown right now, but No, no, no. That's not right at all. I'm devastated because I don't quite see Kennedy taking drag to an all star level quite like I thought Thorgy could. That just means, I guess, Kennedy will have to be sent home next week. Maybe her feelings are hurt right now, so, you know, if that's how she feels, I don't hold it against her at all. I do. Here's to Thorgy, everybody. We love you, Thorgy. Love you, Thorgy. Drag is fun! Drag is fun. Thorgy was a sheet in the wind, Mama. Whatever way it could've blown, she would've gone. I need loyal people on my team, because, baby, if Daenerys is gonna conquer the seven kingdoms, she's gonna need allies. Me and my dragons can't do it alone. All right, Ben. Show us some lipstick. I also chose Thorgy. What did you base your decision on? sighs . It was a really hard decision. I mean, it was, like, at the final moment, like, the final determining factor, um Oh, BenDeLa, I see the wheels turning. She's calculating. She's careful about every word she says because she has a reputation to uphold. I don't know. Did you even say what your determining factor was? Oh, why it's gotta be me? I was happy it was on you. You get $0,000, so you have to say it first. There's a lot of reasons, but, Thorgy, yes, she did have a smaller role, but there was opportunity for her, in my eyes, like mine, I had Mariah But Let me finish. When I saw what I had, I put my own elements in there. Stevie is not current. It's difficult to compare that to Mariah. Oh, I'm not comparing her to Mariah. I feel there were no gags in the music part of Stevie Nicks. Oh, Miss Big and Milky, honey. Season 3, Shangy would have picked up my cocktail and threw it on that ho, but as Beyonce has taught me, I should be a more evolved, grown woman. I just feel like I'm having to defend, not explain, my decision specifically to you. Correct me if I'm wrong. Just let me know. So tell me what choice would you have made? I think I would have chosen Thorgy to stay. I find Thorgy's concepts and her looks much more exciting. I mean, let's just not sit here and act like I didn't do shit to deserve to be called. I'm not saying that. Fuck my drag, right? Because basically that's what you saying, and you talking like I'm not even here. If I'm not your cup of tea, then, baby, don't drink it, Miss Milk. Everybody's gonna go home basically, and we can't be sitting here getting mad about who's going home, who's not going home. It's not about mad, it's about being an adult. Step your pussy down, Kennedy. Take a breath. inhales . The tension on this sofa is tight. I'm so happy I'm not in this feud. It seems like this divas' battle ain't over yet. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars receives a oneyear supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, a coveted spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame, and a cash prize of $100,000. With extraspecial guest judges UnREAL's Constance Zimmer and Jeffrey BowyerChapman. RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman Best woman win Happy New Year, everybody. Hi, there. Oh, I guess we're going this way. Another day in the workroom. You get up, you walk in, you step over the body of a dead friend, and you just move along. Who's sore? I am so sore. This is what a twotime winner looks like, people. Two. Two in a row, Ben. Well, but this is what I've learned from my first experience here is that every time you hear that you're in the top, that is the sound of that rollercoaster click, click, click, click, click, click, click. And you never know when it's gonna go like this. siren . Hey! Whoo! Whoo! She done already done had hers. Hey, um, can I steal you for a second? I'm starting to feel a real connection with you. Me, too! But for this relationship to go to the next level, I just really need you to open up. all laugh . whispering . Rosebud. Oh, my God. Aah! laughs . Hello, hello, hello! Hi! Hi! Hi, ladies! Hi, Ru! Oh, my goodness. Now, for this week's maxi challenge, you'll be improving your way through a funny little dating show we call The Bitchelor. all laugh . You'll be doing unscripted comedy with our bitchelor played by the dreamy star of UnREAL, Jeffrey BowyerChapman. Ooh, yes! Oh, yeah. Now, to make things extra twisted, I'm going to assign each of you a date partner and a funny personality type to play. Aja and Kennedy, you'll be going on a twoonone date. All right. Kennedy, you'll be the party girl, and Aja, you'll be playing the super needy girl, so insecure it hurts. Oh. Trixie and Milk, you'll be working together. Trixie, you'll be the fake bitch. All right. Milk, you'll be the psycho stalker. BeBe and BenDeLa, you'll go on a date with Jeffrey. BenDeLaCreme, you'll be the cougar. Naturally. BeBe, you'll be the shy virgin. Oh. You tell everybody you're pure, but you secretly want to lose it. And finally, Chi Chi and Shangela, you are our polyamorous duo. all laugh . Chi Chi, you're more into the bitchelor, and Shangela, you're more into Chi Chi. Hi, Boo. Now, remember, the first rule of improv is to always agree, to say yes to everything. For example, when I ask Does this Klein Epstein Parker suit make my ass look juicy? You say All Yes. You got it. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best All Star win. cheers and applause . How do you feel about improv? I do not consider myself, like, a comedian per se. I'm excited. In Season , we never had the opportunity to do improv. The character I'm playing is the virgin, and I was, like, what about if this girl is an African princess? Come on, now. You can just make her really funny. I would like to approach my character like somebody fresh off the boat from Africa. Yeah. Because in our culture, it's like you have to be married to be able to, you know You have to be married to be able to have laughs . I mean, it's I can't even spell out the words because it's like this girl But how would you establish the idea specifically of virginity other than that you're not married? I think that what they're gonna be looking for in here is gonna be like being so over the top with it. Right. What they want here is like campy, you know? Yeah. But this is hard to go extreme being a virgin and being shy. I'm feeling really worried about BeBe's choices around her character. BeBe, up to this point, has just been kind of poised and regal, so we'll see if she can get down with being goofy. If it were me, I would go with the more traditional kind of like like, buttonedup Catholic, kind of like, I only do anal because that still makes me a virgin kind of thing. That would be very funny, honey, but no. I want my character to be so fucking crazy that she's like bat shit crazy, that she will do anything. And don't forget insecurity, too. Well, yeah, she's insecure. Yeah. But that's the point. You're so insecure you become crazy. Okay. Like I will fake cry. I will put some Visine tears. cries . A needy girl is easy for me. My strategy is to give you a lot of moaning, aww, and a lot of, like, crying sounds. Aah! I'm just gonna be crazy and needy, kind of like a rich bitch, like, vibe. Ugh. I don't think she understands her character not one bit. Rich bitch, religious fish. I used to be a Christian for attention fish. sighs . We don't know what he's gonna give us. But whatever he says, we will think of the right response. Right. And he's super dreamy. Oh, my God. And so I would stalk him, actually. Yeah. No kidding. Psychotically. I feel good about playing the stalker bitch because it's sort of like an easy transition into this role, because before I started dating my boyfriend, I stalked him on MySpace, and just, like, check out who his friends were, and that sort of led me to, like, becoming friends with his friends, and then being friends with his friends led me to meeting him. So I'm very confident about my role as psycho stalker number one. Hi, what's your name? Hi, I'm Chi Chi DeVayne, and, yeah. I mean, I'm justgirl, I don't know how to do it. Come on, you got it, you got it. I don't consider myself to be a comedian or an actress and all that. So looking at the other girls, I'm getting so intimidated. Like, girl, are you going to be able to perform at that level? How are you gonna play your character? What do you mean? YouI mean How's she gonna talk? How's she gonna act? I am shittin bricks. I don't know if I can come up with that kind of funny just right off the bat. Hi, I'm, you know, Chi Chi DeVayne, and Oh, she's the proper English. She might be from England, but she still sound like she from Crenshaw, too. Shangela's super funny and good at improv. If anything, I can see her bulldozing Chi Chi. I would not want to be in a group with Shangela to be honest with you. Yeah. Do you think people say that about you and I? laughs . Probably not. When Celine doesn't win, she cries. After last week, I think I've learned that being safe is clearly not okay for me. Even though I thought I was really impressive last week, I'mnow is the time to prove myself, and if I don't, and if I'm safe, then I'm probably gonna cry about it again. Coming up Are you ready for the romantic adventure of your life? Oh. Ooh, we here. Ooh. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Okay, places, everyone! Places, everyone! fuck it up. Oh, and don't I'm Jeffrey, and I'm here to find the love of my life. This is not gonna be easy, but it never is in this game we call love. Jeffrey BowyerChapman, are you ready for the romantic adventure of your life? Oh, I just want this to be real, you know what I mean? Oh, yeah. I know exactly what you mean. Do I have something on my face? Oh, look, here comes the first girl. Good luck. Thanks, Ru. My name is BeBe Zahara Benet. Hi. And I'm all the way from Africa. And I came to America to find my prince. Hi, Jeffrey. You can look me in the eye, you know? laughs . Ooh, he's a handsome man, and I bet you he has the big laughs . Oh. Can I tell you a little secret? Please, yes. I'm still a virgin. I have a special flower. Well, maybe I can take a little sniff later. chuckles . We'll see you inside. Thank you. That's totally unnecessary. Wildly unnecessary. Thank you very much, BeBe. Well, hello there, handsome. Whoa. Wow. I don't have a sugar daddy, I've never had a sugar daddy, if I wanted a sugar daddy, yes I could probably go out and get one, because I am what?? SICKENING. You could never have a sugar daddy because YOU ARE NOT THAT KIND OF GIRL. Baby everything I have I have worked for and gotten myself, I've built my self from the ground up. YOU DUCKING BOTCH My name is BenDeLaCreme. Who's a big boy? You're a big boy. And I'm here to land me a boyman. I'm BenDeLaCreme. Nice to meet you BenDeLa. Thank you. You don't have to call me BenDeLa. Okay. What should I call you? My friends call me Bedtime BD, because I like to tuck a big boy in nightnight. laughs . You can just go on inside to the house. I'll meet you inside in a few minutes, all right? Thank you so much! You're a beautiful driver. I really appreciate it. Oh, my God, that taxi was disgusting. It smelled like a barn. He was gross, he was late, he drove like a maniac. Hi, I'm Trixie Mattel. I'm 27 years old, and I'm from sunny West Hollywood. And some people might say I'm fake, but those people are alcoholics. He's not even that good looking. I have to go. Hi. Hi. Oh, my God, you're even cuter in person than you are on TV. Oh, that's very sweet of you. You kind of have, like, this sexy, like, Denzel, like, Gilbert Godfried, like, but, like, sensual, do you know what I mean? Uh I like my men like I like my coffee incapable of loving me back. sighs . Bye, Jason! Sorry, it's Jared. Jeff. Jeffrey. I'm Milk. I'm from New York City. I kind of move around a lot in life for legal reasons. Is it okay if I step out? I know this is less than 500 feet. Some people say I'm, like, psycho, but I just say I'm really passionate about love. giggles . Nice to meet you Ooh, okay. I'm his biggest fan, and it's unreal to see the star of UnREAL. I'm in love. I have to open it myself. My name is Aja, and this is Woofy. Woof. Oh. He's the only person who actually stays by my side. Oh, my God! When I first saw Jeffrey, I just knew from that moment that I would do anything to have him. I will kill someone. Can you believe they made me open the door by myself? I didn't even close it. Should I go close it? I think maybe you better close it. I don't do anything for myself, but for you I'll do anything. Thank you, Aja. It's a pleasure. You don't love me. I'm gonna make you love me. Ooh, we here. Ooh! Ooh, it's big. Ooh, I hope he cute. bleep . laughs . Hi. My name is Kennedy. I'm from West Dallas, and I'm here to meet my man. Ooh, you is fine. Thank you. Ooh, yes, honey. I love to party, too. Hold on one second. Okay. Okay, all right. You come prepared. As I'm looking into Jeffrey's eyes, I just get so moist inside. I gotta have his baby. You better be watching. Keep watching. laughs . Mm! Honey, look at the sperm count on this one! Come on out here, baby. Ooh. I'm Shangela. And I'm Chi Chi. I am looking for love with my partner because we like to be polyamorous. I love limos. This is a very progressive coupling that's going on here. Oh, you have insurance? You said Progressive. No, I do. Now look at the size on this one. Ooh, he look like he got a big one, too. Yes, he does. Let's measure it. Yeah, she likes big heads. laughs . How is your head, by the way? Oh, you have to ask my wife. Chi Chi and I usually have very good luck. I mean, look at Chi Chi. She's stacked like a brick house. I like bricks. We'll see you inside. It's nice to meet you both. Uhhuh. exhales . Coming up No, those are balls. laughs . Have you ever taken out a catheter? laughs . My dream date is whatever mother wants me to have. Ugh. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. All right, ladies. It's time for your twoonone dates. Stay in character, go with the flow, and don't talk over each other. This is the weirdest group of girls I have ever seen, and I like it. I like weird. So how you feeling? Well, I'm scared and a little bit horny. Nice. Mm. So are you ready for your twoonone date? I'm as ready as I'll ever be, Ru. Well, good luck. Ladies, are you hungry? Oh, my goodness. I thought we could get to know each other over a couple snacks. Oh, that's totally unnecessary, but thank you. Would you like to try a chocolatecovered strawberry? This is one of my favorite delicacies. Let me just pull off my shoes, because a man cannot feed me with shoes on. Oh, right, right. Oh, oh, that's beautiful. I'm just insatiable tonight. I can't get enough. Oh, I can tell Oh, wow. That looks delicious. laughs . Oh, my gosh. Oh! This is perfect for a widdle baby wike you. All premashed. Jeffrey, look at me. You like it? Yes, you're beautiful, absolutely. giggles . Gorgeous. Thank you. BeBe is just kind of there. It'smeh. Have you ever taken out a catheter? laughs . I can't say that I have. BenDeLaCreme, she is old. That is a dirty woman. Mmmm. I don't know if you're looking for a woman like me, like the woman who is clean, clean down there. Are you looking for a woman that's clean or are you looking for a woman that's dirty? Um Remember, I already ate this once before. Yeah. laughs . If Jeffrey needs a warm bosom to press himself against at night, I'm the wrong gal because these don't feel temperature. We'll have a lot more opportunities to get to know each other later. I can't wait. Just don't come after 9 30 because that's when my Xanax kicks in. laughs . My God, you are so funny. Stop. Oh, ladies. Stop. I said stop! You're literally killing me, you're so funny. I want to get to know you both a little bit better. laughs . Is this your house? Yes. Wait, Jeffrey, Jeffrey, Jeffrey. This is, like, the prettiest refurbished, like, Cheesecake Factory mall kiosk I have ever been to. Thank you very much. Do you remember when you wore these shirts on UnREAL? Uh You know this style. Wow. Yeah. I've seen every episode of UnREAL. I have like every You don't know Jeffrey like I know Jeffrey. whispering . The date's going really well. Like, Jeffrey seems, like, really into me. laughs . Hold on. I have to have to take this. Yeah, I'm here now. No. She's like a weird forest girl. Do I come across as, like, crazy though? Oh. Like, do I look crazy? That's just a really strong word. He's like five I can't handle it right now. I can't handle it. You look different. Yeah? I know Trixie is playing a fake bitch, but, baby, those facial expressions are real. Don't laughs . No, he's like a five. He's like an L. A. two. Stop talking to me. What? sighs . Oh, my God. If steam could come off a wig, she would have those little lines above her head where the heat is rising. Miss Thing is hot that Milky is cutting her off. laughs . People call me psycho, but I don't think I'm psychotic. I just think I'm really passionate about finding love. Yeah. While the leaves And that's why I'm here. Me, too. The leaves in your hair are so fun, I wish you would leave. Milk is just going way overboard. It's been great, ladies. It's been an incredible pleasure. sobs . Bye, Jerald. It's Jeffrey. We're gonna go on a date. This has been so much fun. Well, this ain't no party. No. You know what , ladies? I thought we could take some time to chill out. That's so nice. Yeah. But you know what? I got the party right here. Hold on. I don't get it. She does a lot of partying. Hold that. Yes, ma'am. You have one too, crazy. All right. babbles . Don't be looking, boy. Oh. She brought drinks. Oh, my God. You're good for something. Hey, we have a party. You are a girl who knows how to party. We're gonna get drunk together. Can we propose to me finding the love I couldn't find within myself? Nobody's ever loved me like you before, and I'm so happy. That's really, really, really sad. cries . You think it's sad? Oh, my God. It's supposed to be insecure. It's like a needy girl, not just crying. cries . The only thing Aja's insecure about is this scene. We gonna make a toast to love. Yes. And your nice ass. Jeffrey is so sexy. Oh, my God. If this doesn't work out, I'm probably gonna whoop the bitch that won and just take Jeffrey. You is fine, boy. Just being honest. Baby, hold on. Your hands are greasy You do this. Aah! Oh. That's how you do that. laughs . What about your past relationships? All I had was a he turned out to be a crackhead. And he stole all my shit out of my apartment, but I found him, though, and shot his ass. Michelle laughs . Ladies, I wanna know something. What? What? What's your favorite part of my body? That dick. laughs . That's so vulgar. My favorite part of your body is your everything. Hey, baby. Oh, my God. Oh, no. Kennedy is blowing my mind. She is doing it. It's hot. Don't you have another bottle of alcohol? It's hot, bitch. It's hotter than shit. Then get out! Is she okay? I'm a man. laughs . Ladies, I thought we would just take a little time to relax and unwind and take our clothes off. Are you into the whole polyamorous thing? I'm open to everything. Oh, are you? We've been looking for somebody to be a little more open. I mean, how wide are you willing to go? So how did you two come together? I think it was fate, right, Chi Chi? Well, Mama found me, you know, at a strip club. That's Mama. Mama found me at a strip club. You've heard of sister wives? Yeah. We are sister wives. Sister wives. Yeah, how about that? Oh, my God, you just so Here, touch me, too, though. Yeah, yeah. Go for it. Mama said I could have real meat now. Oh. laughs . Let's see what's going on down in the meat department. My mission while I'm here is to get me a nice, strong, firm plastic cup and get me some of that Jeffrey sperm in it so Chi Chi and I can make the family we've always wanted. laughs . I ain't seen nothing that big and black in the water since I took you to Sea World. Whoo! Shamu. Oh, now those are balls! Those are big balls! Shangela is so over the top with her persona, you know, and she's cracking her jokes. One of y'all needs to shave. Nobody told me Bush was back in office. laughs . Chi Chi's just drowning in the tub, honey. My dream date is whatever mother wants me to have. Ugh. We're a twopiece combo over here. All right. You wanna hang out with Sugar, then you gotta come through me. laughs . If Jeffrey gets me and Shangela in the fantasy suite, it's going down. laughs . Chi Chi had a special question for you that she wanted to ask you. Go for it, Chi Chi. Chi Chi? deep voice . Do you wanna have my baby? Hoohoohoohoohoo! Ladies, it's time for the most dramatic eggplant ceremony in herstory. Ladies, I just really want this love to be real, and, frankly, most of y'all scare the hell out of me. Which is why I've decided to give this eggplant To Ru. Will you accept my eggplant, Ru? I will take all your eggplants. What? No! Way to go, RuPaul, way to go! Byeee! Finally, this is my happily ever after. Next stop, Good Morning America. We'll do Dancing with the Stars, and then we'll get divorced. Coming up Milk, Milk, Milk. It's just hurtful because I thought we were all better than that. But y'all feelings is really hurt. I'm paying no attention. That's dumb. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Hi, guys. Good morning. This week's runway is Wigs On Wigs On Wigs, inspired by Roxxxy Andrews. Welcome to another day at the office. Aren't you feeling gorgeous? Aren't you feeling technically amazing? Milk someday wants to have a challenge inspired by her, and I bet you next season there will be, like, this week on the runway you'll be crying because you're only safe. laughs . New day. New day. New day, sis. Y'all can't handle all this cuteness. I'm about to feel real cute. I'm going through it. I'm going through it in my head. I mean, yesterday was bad. On Season 8, I just doubted myself so much. I often asked myself, like, what the hell are you doing here? And, like, how could I compete with girls like this, you know what I mean? These bitches have fabulous costumes, and I'm gonna walk out in a neon bathing suit. So if it seems like I'm a little worried, I am. That's why I'm quiet. I'm distancing myself from the girls. I thought that I had elevated my drag, but here we go again. Like, what are you gonna say, like, what are you gonna do to, like, match these girls' energy and funniness? I'm just trying to keep a positive head. I'm trying to keep smiling, but at the same time, I am nervous. I don't want to go home. I'm gonna show them that, you know, I have what it takes to go all the way. How are you? I really, really wanna win a challenge. I've never even been in the top, so I really hope today it can happen. The first time I was on Drag Race, I kinda just floated until I got flushed. All people knew about me was that I did not excel at Drag Race and didn't win any challenges, and I never had my star moments. This time I, like, have to change that. I don't really, like, need validation, but, like, to have one good week here would really help the momentum for the rest, you know. I feel you. Being safe all the time you start to feel invisible. In the real world, I'm Beyonce, but in the Drag Race world, I'm just a LaTavia. It doesn't matter on Drag Race what you've done in the real world. In these four fake brick walls, you are garbage until proven otherwise. Is there anybody that either of you are, like, concerned about? It's kind of hard to figure out who the bottom two are. Like. I feel like Oh, let's say three. Who would you think the three are? I mean, if I were gonna say three, I would say Aja, Chi Chi, and possibly BeBe. What do you feel, Milk? I'd have to agree with Ben. I feel like two out of three of those are correct, and my third variable one that I kept going back and forth on was between Aja's and yours. I'm not fazed by Shangela thinking that I may be in the bottom. That's dumb. So I'm just gonna turn my hearing aid down a little bit and just, like, let her speak, but I'm paying no attention. I thought I killed it. The idea of being in the top is so exciting. Well, halleloo. Oh, Miss Thing, I'm looking at her, like, you don't see the writing on the wall? Mama, she really thinks that she's in the top two on this one. I'm cracked. laughs . Shit. It's just hurtful because I thought we were all better than that. I think I would've chosen Thorgy to stay. I find Thorgy's concepts and her look much more exciting. Fuck my drag, right? Bitch, your feelings is really hurt. Yep. Kennedy is really upset because it wasn't right for Milk to say that Kennedy should have gone home because her looks weren't on point, because this is a competition about more than just your looks. And Kennedy proved this week that she deserves to be here 00%. If you don't care about me and you don't care about my style of drag, you're entitled to that. I'm upset at the fact that we work together a lot of times, and what's hurtful is when you feel like you have this certain relationship with your socalled sister, and you come to find out it's something else. And they end up reading you like a dog and stuff, throwing you under the bus. We stopped conversation after that. No. Not even talk to me. That's how I know when people ain't real. I've worked with Milk before. We've been on tour together, and I've never had a problem with Milk ever. I've always liked working with her, but now you're treating me like you don't even know me. I value people's friendship, I value sisterhood, and when I really like a person and then they really show me who they are, it's hurtful. What goes around always comes around. And that's what I believe. You're right. I also feel, like, she's been, like, the most, like, kind of rude. I just feel like sometimes she just doesn't give, like, some of us the time of the day, you know what I mean? Mmhmm. And I'm just like like, I think more so, like Well, at least you notice it and saying it and not me. Yeah. I look at it like this. I'm gonna still walk this runway in my dated as shit and my dated as shit is gonna help me go on and win this. Yeah. And that's how I see it. Yeah. Ooh. Coming up I laughed so hard I cried. Your character was so spot on. If you're gonna be a bottom, at least be a power bottom. laughs . RuPaul laughs. Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Covergirl, put the bass in your walk Head to toe, let your whole body talk Covergirl Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars. My wingwoman, Michelle Visage. Oh, my God, isn't everything better with wings? Yeah. Funny man Ross Mathews. Are you a romantic? In a power top kind of way, yeah. all laugh . Jeffrey BowyerChapman, did you survive a night with my girls? Ru, I just got back from the free clinic, and we are good to go. bell dings, all laugh . And from UnREAL, the fabulous Constance Zimmer. Hiee. Hiee. This week we challenged our queens to make fools of themselves on a fake dating show, and tonight on the main stage, category is Wigs On Wigs On Wigs. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best All Star win. First up, BenDeLaCreme. Oh, Michelle Visage. all laugh . Oh, my goodness. What's a better way to reveal a wig under a wig than to reveal a wig that's three feet under the wig on my head? Miss Rapunzel. Ooh! What? Somebody forgot to shave. Stroke it, honey. It's the natural look. BeBe Zahara Benet. Oh, the Miss Thing dynasty. Michelle laughs . Is that a Bump It in your hair, or are you just happy to see me? She went all the way to Asia. Yes, she doesn't only do goddess beauty. She is a welltraveled gal, honey. Uhoh, something's happening. Ooh! Ooh! I love a queen with big, black, hairy balls. all laugh . Who doesn't? Trixie Mattel. Ooh, look who's here, Ru. It's Lady Bunny. Yes! I'm Lady Bunny passed out on a deck chair in Palm Springs getting a sunburn, and then boom! Ooh! Oh, my God. It's a Tatiana, same part, Dennis the Menace fantasy. Take another little piece of my hair now, baby. all laugh . Milk. Milkshake. Yeah. More like a creamsicle. Made entirely of little postit notes. So the look I'm bringing to the runway is very sixties inspired, and the cut of the dress aahmy legs are killer. Yank it like a troll doll, honey. all laugh . Michelle, is that a good hombre or a bad hombre? Michelle laughs . Aja. And amazing. I think she used too much hairspray. all laugh . Sis, I'm just feeling real kawaii. That's cute in Japanese. Like, you can't tell me bleep . right now because I feel like I just walked out of a Manga comic book. Ooh! Oh! Third wig's the charm. Don't take your wig off unless you've got another one underneath. That's right. And another one underneath that. Yeah. LaGuardia, Newark, Kennedy Davenport. Chchchchia all laugh . That's a hair situation. Yeah. Ooh! Ooh! Take that, Carol Brady. all laugh . Let me tell you, I feel fine, honey. I got on these three girdles, Miss Thing, and my waist is cinched, boo. What? Damn, girl. Somebody just graduated from the Lace Front Institute of Technology. Yes, LIT. LIT. It's lit. laughs . Up next, Chi Chi DeVayne. Do I have something on my face? If you like it, you better put a ring through it. all laugh . This outfit totally represents the new direction that Chi Chi is going. Hey. Oh, maintain. Oh, okay. I'm bringing you all this bayou princess. I just hope the judges are eating it up. These have always brought me luck. Eyes up here. Where do you go? Oh, okay. Byeee. She's going that way. Shangela. Corn. Ru, is it me, or is she looking a bit husky? I don't remember eating corn. all laugh . Corn is something that will forever be associated with me. Look, I'm from the country, and I keep it real. Nothing says that better than corn. Ooh. Oh, my goodness, popcorn. You want some boy butter on that? all laugh . You don't have to ask me twice. There may be a kernel of truth to this dress. That's right, honey. You better pop the corn and feed the children. GMOh, no, you better don't. all laugh . Oh, that's so stupid. Coming up You were constantly overshadowed. You were terrifying. What I got was a whiny brat. Those are really lovely words of encouragement. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome, All Stars. Based on your improv performances, and your unbeweavable main stage presentations, I've made some decisions. Now, when I call your name, please step forward. Shangela. BeBe Zahara Benet. You are safe. Please step to the back of the stage. Thank you. The rest of you represent the tops and the bottoms of the week. Now it's time for the judges' critiques. First up, BenDeLaCreme. Hi. I loved the surprise wig skirt reveal. It's tough to, like, shock us when we know it's Wigs On Wigs On Wigs. We know what's gonna happen. There's gonna be a wig under there. But somehow you managed to shock me. Every piece you stripped off revealed another layer and another layer, and that's what you did in your performance, too. You gave layers. I laughed so hard I cried. As an actor, you gave me a lot to play with. I had so much fun with you. I was equally disgusted by you as I was turned on. I keep waiting for you to drop the ball, and you haven't dropped it yet. Those are really lovely words of encouragement. I wish nothing more than you shutting me up each time by not letting that ball or balls drop. Thank you, DeLa. Thank you. Up next, Trixie Mattel. Hi, guys. When you came out, I was feeling immediately like if Lady Bunny and Kesha had a baby. Were you doing Lady Bunny? What was that about? I thought, can Lady Bunny become Naomi's balls? Turns out yes. all laugh . In The Bitchelor, your character was so spot on. It was basically Paris Hilton. I was very impressed from the second you walked out. You were on the phone and you weren't paying attention, and it was like, oh, we know exactly who you are, and it was everything I wanted. But I felt like you were getting talked over a little bit. We were advised to try not to talk over each other. It was kind of like jump roping. I was kind of waiting sometimes for the moment. I felt you waiting. However, when you did get those lines in, they were hilarious. All right, well, thanks Trixie. Up next, Milk. Hi. You look gorgeous tonight. Thank you. This is a great look for you. Thank you. In the wig reveal, I liked that there was another sort of reveal when you pulled the pony, like those dolls that I always that I always wanted that my parents wouldn't get me. Crissy Doll. Yeah, Crissy Doll. Crissy Doll's my favorite doll of all time, but we could see the black cup holder underneath the blonde hair. Yeah, it's dark root. In the challenge, you were terrifying. I know. laughs . I was I was actually psycho. But it was the same note the whole time. I kept hoping that you were going to pretend like you weren't a stalker and there wasn't anything wrong with what you were doing, and you're just a really nice, friendly person who happens to know everything about you. Because there are times when less is more. Your foot was on the gas the whole time. You were going so fast, you weren't sharing the stage. Up next, Aja. Hi. Tonight on the runway, I'm going to go out on a limb and say this right now was the best Aja has ever looked. Oh, thank you. From the second you walked out, I just said, what is that, and I need more. You're giving me street fighter couture, and it's incredible. Yes, hyah. Win. So in The Bitchelor, I didn't get needy girl at all, not even a little. Oh, my God. What I got was a whiny brat, and that is not the character. You were giving me more Cher Horowitz than Tai. Oh. To me, needy has always been spoiled, but maybe I guess there is a difference. Needy is not spoiled. Yeah. They're two different things. Needy is constantly needing somebody to be approving or to tell you how beautiful you are. Please love me, please tell me I'm pretty, that kind of insecure girl. It's exhausting to the person. Mmhmm. I feel like I need to reevaluate the definition of needy now. I was trying to give you, like, a little bit of, like, Farrah Moan meets, like, Kim Kardashian meets, like, kind of like crazy girlfriend. Wah. Like, that's what I was going for. Up next, Kennedy Davenport. Helleer. Hi. On the runway tonight, it was gorgeous, and I think it was truly Davenport. It was spectacular. The absolute polar opposite of the character you played on the show. The challenge, out of all of the girls, I had the hardest time keeping a straight face with you. From the teeth to the tits to the ass, you were absolutely hilarious. I never think of you as like really a comedy queen, but you are. Well, she did win Snatch Game on her season. That's right. Why don't I think of you as comedy? It's probably because of her criminal record. all laugh . Thank you. Thank you. Up next, Chi Chi DeVayne. Hey, y'all. You look beautiful tonight. You took my breath away from the moment that you stepped out on the runway. You just have an aura about you that is just so bright, it's really quite stunning. You have presence just standing here right now, but then in The Bitchelor, you were constantly overshadowed. Shangela had joke after joke after joke, but you sort of were a spectator in the scene. In that hot tub, I wouldn't even have noticed that you were there until you were kissing up on his boobies. You gave it all away to Shangela. I understand you were playing the bottom, but if you're gonna be a bottom, at least be a power bottom. Uhhuh. When you did have a moment, when you leaned over into his ear and said deep voice . You wanna have my baby? I mean, that was incredible. Where was that for the rest of the show? I don't know. I don'tI don't know. I went and I just felt like crap compared to all of these comedy queens, and I let it get to me. I just got so intimidated, and it's frustrating because I don't want you to think that I don't want to be here and that I'm not trying. I don't want to upset you for bringing me back. I'm sorry, y'all. I'm just so sorry that I'm not giving my 00. I'm letting what they're doing affect me and just me not thinking that I'm worth it. Chi Chi, you're worth it. You're worth it. Thank you, Chi Chi. Now, based on the judges' critiques, I've made some decisions. Kennedy Davenport, BenDeLaCreme, you are the top two All Stars of the week. applause . Condragulations. You've each won a suite of jewelry from Fierce! Drag Jewels and a $,000 gift card from Nailed by Cristy. Trixie Mattel, you are a totally fake bitch. chuckles . And I loved it. You are safe. Milk, Aja, Chi Chi, you are in the bottom three. DeLa and Kennedy, each of you needs to decide which of the bottom three you'll eliminate if you win the lip sync. So while you queens deliberate in the workroom, the judges and I will be twisting balloon animals. You may leave the stage. Coming up I did not see this coming. Girl I just don't think it's my time to go. Every week is just like imitates bomb dropping . turd city. I know what I have to do. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Lord. Lord. A cocktail, please, Jesus. I've never been an alcoholic, but today I'm going in. Oh, I'm full on. If I could black out right now, I would. Well, here we are again with another elimination, and it's always a difficult decision. I can attest to that more than anyone. I thought I would win, but that's okay. You thought you were gonna win? I did. I thought I would be in the top, and I was ready to do my little lip sync, do my little song, but I'll get, you know. I thought I would be in the top, so I'm kind of trying to wrap my head around that. I'm not gonna be safe and cry because that would be, you know, inappropriate, but laughs . Kennedy, the full redemption, sis. Yes, ma'am. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Ben, you're also in the top two. Ben has won every single challenge since we got here. She going home next week. all laugh . Milk, you seem really quiet. What's going through your head? I'm crying about now I'm crying for a legit reason, being in the bottom, but I did not see this coming at all. Girl I think, like, Milk in a weird way, she works so much in her mind, almost like you convince yourself of something even if it's not the reality. I don't know, maybe that's how she copes. I mean, that performance, it's, like, how can you not tell? I'm being penalized for going 00% full throttle, and I don't 00% agree with the critiques. I thought Trixie and I had an amazing back and forth. I really thought I killed that challenge. I don't know how she's this delusional. Howsomebody put something in her cocktail. Cosby? laughs . My question to the top two, we have three now in the bottom. That's the gag of the season. They did it last season, too. Well, to me this is a gag. all laugh . How are you going to assess the situation? The two of you, are you guys gonna do one on ones with the girls? I decided not to. I'm just gonna do what I've said from the beginning, and that's just assess the whole thing. Right. And just make my own professional decision. I do feel like playing a fair game, and y'all already been crying and shit. That sort of comes as a shock. Is it 'cause she's already made up her mind? Is it 'cause she doesn't want to allude to what she's about to do? I mean, it doesn't scare me because she's a smart individual who sees it as a whole. M'lady, how you feeling? You know, it doesn't feel great to be in the bottom, but I feel like I've been doing well in the competition so far, so I feel like this is just, like, a minor slip, and it happens. Yeah. I mean, I think you've been phenomenal. I just don't think it's my time to go. I think DeLa is going to judge the bottom three based on our track records. So I know I'm safe because I won the first challenge. Milk has been safe the whole time, but Chi Chi has been statistically doing the worst every single week. I mean, you put it together. When I got here, I thought I had this in the bag, you know what I mean? Like, ain't none of these bitches gonna to upstage me, you know what I mean? Like, I got these looks together, baby. I'm going back in this thing, you know what I mean? And every week is just like imitates bomb dropping . turd city. I let this challenge, like, diminish my spark and question myself whether I can do this or not. I know shit bring me down, you know what I mean? But it happens to all of us. You just gotta it's how quickly you can turn it around and get back up. I've been in the bottom three times, and I'm beginning to question is this the right time for me? Maybe I should have been on All Stars 4, you know what I mean? Or maybe I should have popped out of a box like Shangela on Season 0. I don't think I'm ready to be here at All Stars. Hi, Chi Chi. How you feeling? Girl, I mean Here we are again. Here we go again, you know, and, like, I don't know. I don't know if I have what it takes to go all the way. Yeah. And I hate to say that, you know. I want to be here just as bad as everybody else does. Yeah. But I'm so friggin' intimidated right now. I feel like the life has been sucked out of Chi Chi, and, like, me personally, I don't care what they say, don't say this and don't say that, but to me, the right decision is to be fair, you know what I mean? The reality is that the only thing that dampens your confidence is Accepting what somebody else is saying. Exactly. sighs . Just make the right decision. Deciding who to send home is always super hard. No matter what anybody says about whether they're ready for their time to go, there's nobody who didn't fight very hard to be here and doesn't continue to fight once they walk through that door. Big and Milky. Fire me up. Well, the thing is, I'd like to be very honest about the whole situation, guys. Like, everybody just trying to be so, like, sugar coat, coo coo coo, woo woo woo woo woo. Milk is saying, like, I thought I was going to be in the top. To me, I thought that the top was going to be you and Kennedy. Yeah. Yeah. But you are the fakest bitch alive. Yeah. And to be fair, you probably would have been in the top two had you been able to land all the things that you were looking to land. Right. Yeah. It was so hard, you guys, because he was just he was, like, yelling the whole time. Yeah. He's, like, big and I'm like, ba da ba da. It doesn't, like And I could feel you guys' energy in the moment. I was, like, fuck. How are you? I'm in the bottom three. Like, what the fuck? Yeah. It'sI don't know. It's a shitty, shitty situation. To be in the bottom three with two queens that didn't give a 00%, that were bulldozed by their scene partner, and then there's me. I haven't made sense of it all yet. Obviously this isn't my thing. I'm not super into comedy, and so I thought that being that way and succeeding in a way, that it would be, like, wow, Milk, you did it. Just know that I want to be here, know that I want to continue. The judges actually want me to continue in this competition. The other queens respect me and they want me to be here. I am not on the level of these bottom queens, and to be compared to them, it pisses me off. But I'm feeling confident. Make good decisions. Nope. Never have, never will. Oh, my God, this is so much fun. Oh, my God, I love it. I made a dog. laughs . I got lip and I got lips. Oh, wow, that is hilarious. normal voice . Whee, this is so fun. I didn't know the balloons had helium in them. They don't. Well, that's awkward. Silence. pop . Oh. Bring back my All Stars. Having to eliminate somebody is not a good feeling, but this is part of the game. I look at the whole picture. I just don't look at the performance or just what the judge's say. You gotta take everything into account, so I know what I have to do. Tonight the decision is between three people, and that just complicates things more. There are reasons that every girl has to stay and there are ways in which every girl didn't show up for the competition this week. RuPaul laughs, bell dings. RuPaul laughs. Welcome back, ladies. Two top All Stars stand before me. Ladies, this is your chance to impress me, win $0,000 and earn the power to give one of the bottom queens the chop. The time has come thunder . to lip sync echoing . for your legacy. I know that I shouldn't camp this one up because I need to show the judges that I can do different things. This is my third lip sync, and if I don't win this one, then I'm at a negative two to one ratio. Good luck and don't fuck it up. I do my makeup in somebody else's car We order different drinks at the same bars I know about what you did And I wanna scream the truth She thinks you love the beach You're such a damn liar Those great whites, they have big teeth Oh, they bite you Thought you said that you would always be in love But you're not in love no more Did it frighten you How we kissed when we danced on the light up floor? On the light up floor Sometimes I wake up in a different bedroom I whisper things, the city sings 'em back to you All those rumors, they have big teeth But I hear sounds in my mind Whoo! All right. Brand new sounds in my mind But, honey, I'll be seein' you down every road I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it 'Cause, honey, I'll come get my things But I can't let go I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it 'Cause, honey, I'll come get my things But I can't let go I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it Yes, honey, I'll come get my things But I can't let go I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it I'm waiting for it That green light, I want it cheers and applause . Ladies, I've made my decision. Kennedy Davenport you're a winner, baby. Whoo! Whoohoo! Condragulations. You've earned a cash tip of $0,000. Thank you. BenDeLaCreme, you are safe. applause . Good job, Ben. Will the bottom three please step forward? Kennedy, with great power comes great responsibility. Which queen have you chosen to get the chop? Oh. It was very hard. I had to really think about everything that was going on on and off screen to make my decision, and I take that wholeheartedly as a professional. So I chose Milk. Milk, as it is written, so it shall be done. You are and will always be an All Star. Now sashay away. Thank you so much for bringing me back. I will continue to make you proud. I will do things that nobody else has ever done. applause . At this point in the game, me holding this It's stupid. The fact that I was eliminated even though another queen had been in the bottom three times dumb. I know a lot of girls think it's unfair for them to be going home, but sighs . I just don't see how this was my week. Watching the episode bell rings . Ding. Milk! Oh, gosh. Blessed be, kitty girl. You haven't seen the last of me, Wagon Wheel Watusi. What does that mean? Is somebody gonna tell me? Damn it. chuckles . Next time on All Stars It's time to play Snatch Game. cheering . Look who's here! Hi, guys. cheering . It's Marc Jacobs. You look like a fudgsicle dipped in flowers. You and I will meet in a back alley somewhere. Oh, face crack. Well, can I trust you, bitch? Ooh, this is so juicy! At the end of the day, that type of shit don't supposed to fly. The struggle was real on my end. You know the law. 13 glamazons enter, one drag superstar leaves. Let the Thunderdome begin! Tonight on RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited! Our 13 drag warriors return to battle it out... I'm the Charlie Sheen of drag. Duh, winning. Set the record straight... I was never trying to sabotage you. You could have simply rolled some marbles out there and just called it a day. Bam. And let each other have it. Did I talk shit? Absolutely. We know our names aren't Heather, even though they're right here on our neck. If this is the face of Booger, I think it's sickening. Plus, the queens turn the tables on Michelle Visage. You're a bitch, Michelle. You bought your titties too. And we announce the fans' choice for this season's Miss Congeniality. The drag race may be over, but the real drama is just getting started. Welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited! You've watched it, they've lived it, and now the whole family's back together to work it out. Release the kraken. These first two fierce queens came to win, but sadly, they were gone too soon. Please welcome back Venus D-Lite and Phoenix. Pose. Now vogue. Rising from the ashes. The last time we saw these two queens together, one was head and shoulders above the other. Please welcome back Mimi Imfurst and India Ferrah. Pose. Pose, I said. Up next, the belle of the ballroom. From Hotlanta, GA, and we call this queen Mariah. Don't be throwing no shade. She just wants to get paid. Well, hello, ladies. Hello. Hey, Ru. Now I've dedicated the song you've just heard to you and all my girls, and it just so happens to be the title track off my new album, Glamazon, available on iTunes. Now speaking of glamazons, how are you, Miss Venus D-Lite? I'm great. How are you? Fantastic. It's great to see you. It's great to see you too. Now, being the first girl to go... Uh-huh. Must really suck. To be honest, it's actually been a mixed blessing because, um, since after the show, um, it made people even more interested in me because they really did get to see a lot of me. Now, it was revealed during the show that you had some work done to look like Madonna. Yes. Uh-huh. Would you go further with it? I've had some since I've been gone. Really? I have. What'd you have done? Um, just a little more facial work. Just a little here and there. Injections? Injections. Would you consider having a little mini Lourdes created? You know what? When Madonna fades out and Lourdes becomes famous, I think that's gonna be my next solution, and, um, I naturally have brown eyes, so... Oh, really? I naturally have a brown eye too. Ooh! Well. Well, well, well. Now, having watched the rest of the season at home, which one of the challenges would you have rocked? The Snatch Game. So can I put you on the spot and give you a Snatch Game question? Okay. For Madonna? It's my turn. Okay. Dumb Dora is so dumb, she thinks a Kardashian is a blank. She thinks a Kardashian is my next deejay boyfriend. Deejay Kardashian.  Fabulous, Madonna. Lady Phoenix. Yes, Ru. Now, watching at home, were you shocked by your performance as Lady Ta-Ta in the drag queens from outer space? Well, you know, I've never claimed to try to win an Oscar, so, you know, I mean-- How about a Golden Globe? I mean, possibly. NAACP Image Award? So what did you think when you saw yourself? Because I've never been in front of the camera like this, you know, they kept screaming at me to cheat the camera, cheat the camera, and I'm like, "What the fuck? I don't cheat on anybody." I'm like, "what is going on?" So, you know, it was really like--really confusion. All right. Mimi Imfurst. Hey, Ru. In the now legendary lip-synch for your life... Oh, yes. When you threw India over your shoulders... What was going through your head at the time? Well, I had been doing it in my show for ten years. You know, I've probably picked up over 1,000 people. Uh, I've never dropped anyone. It's just something I do. Like, some girls do splits or death drops, and that's what I do. The stakes there seemed so high. It's not you're lip-synching for Mariah Carey's Glitter album, you know? You're lip-synching for your life, and it feels like if you fail at this, you know, you're gonna reach over from behind your table, reach in your Prada purse, and pull out a gun, and that's the end. Well, thank God you didn't have a Prada purse. No, no. How did it feel? What was going through your head?  Craziness. Like, it was just so out of the blue, like, unexpected. I was trying to perform, and she would just, like, move in front of me, and I said, "Okay, I want the judges to see me." Only way that y'all could see me was to go down to the judges, and in a split second, I was seeing the whole rest of the girls in the back of the thing, and I didn't know what was going on. Get her off of me! I said, "Okay, I'm up on this bitch's shoulder. Like, what just happened?" I understand it was over the top, and it--it--you know, and people-- there were people who thought it was the worst thing in the world, there are people who thought it was entertaining. Right, well, I want to ask the other queens, do you think it was entertaining or was it over the line? In a show in New York, you know, that's--that's okay. You know, it's fun, it's part of-- but, you know, this is my chance. I can't say that I probably wouldn't have bopped you, girl. Yeah, I think that also. 'Cause there's no screaming, "Get me down, honey." I'm gonna get myself down. And, India, what would you have done differently? Actually, there was nothing that I could have done differently, 'cause I think if I was anywhere else, she still would have done that. Me as an entertainer, I was there, performing for you all. Like, I paid no attention to her, other than her blocking me. So I think she should have done the same, and she should have just gave it her all at that moment. I respect that, and I totally think-- I totally think if I was in your position, I would feel the same way. Just to be clear, I was never trying to sabotage you. Like, it was for me, it was like, "What can I do to shake this up? What can I do to make it different?" In lip-synch for your life, there is a certain sort of fairness. You're up to perform, and if your focus is to just get in the way of the other girl... Right. It's not really that professional. Isn't it a competition? You could have simply rolled some marbles out there and just called it a day. Yeah. No. So let's move on. Actually, I have a little gift for India. Oh. Oh! Oh, goodness. Is it ticking? Does it have bullets in it? It's not ticking at all. I got India Ferrah this lovely shirt that says, "I got picked up by Mimi Imfurst, and all I got was this lousy T-shirt!" All right, now, India. Hi. Were you surprised when you sashayed away when you did? I thought my time was cut short. I think two of the challenges, I wasn't able to show who I was as a person or entertainer due to the, um, duties that I was given from Carmen Carrera. By the way, you did say duty. Oh, duty. I'm sorry, duty. So what do you mean? The workout challenge. Right. Um, with the rubber band. We're gonna lower it down, ladies. One, two, three, four. So the rubber thingamajiggie prevented us from seeing your real personality? Absolutely, yeah.  Like... both laughing Really? Yeah. Like, where could I go with a rubber thingamajiggie? Well, if you know, the other girl won the challenge with the thingamajiggie. Yeah, with the lip gloss. Yeah, that's very true. I just wasn't clever enough at that moment to pull out a thing of lip gloss or eat chicken.  Now, I gotta say, I'm hearing a lot of excuses right now. Well, that's what I do, Ru.  I laid 'em out, card by card. So had there been a challenge about excuses, you would have... Well, like, every challenge after I got kicked off, I would have succeeded in. Like, I'm not even lying. Like the cake challenge, because I sew, sew all my costumes and gowns and stuff, so I would have definitely succeeded in that. You would have ate that. Yeah, I would have ate it up. Well, that's the thing. That's the thing about this competition. It's almost like a roll of the dice. Right. You've basically got to be a jack of all trades. Exactly. Mariah aka Mariah Paris aka Mariah Balenciaga aka Mariah Successful. Now, before you came here-- of course, you did balls, uh, and the ballroom scene down in Atlanta. Yes, I do balls. We've all done balls. Now, do you think being a ballroom queen and, uh, and not being a nightclub girl, uh, put you at a disadvantage in the competition? Um, yeah, it did, a little bit, because I don't do it every week. The changing, the transition. I also don't have to learn lyrics. Oh, you're talking about your lip sync now, aren't you? Well, yes. That was my disadvantage.  Because you saw the lip sync, there wasn't a lot of lip-syncing to the-- No. But you-- But I-I-I will mug the shit out of you, though. She was. Baby. Plugs for days, girl. Okay? I will mug the shit out of you. Well, what do you do when you don't know the lyrics? You know what? I just study BeBe Zahara Benet.  You move your lips enough, and they'll think that you are turning it.  What kind of fan mail have you gotten? I've gotten so many touching letters about people who were inspired by my confidence. They know drag queens, we go through a lot of adverse experiences in life and we still walk around with our heads held high. There was this one young girl, she went through a tragic experience, and she felt the need to reach out and just tell me her story and get it out. Just the fact that me just being who I am impacted somebody, it was very touching. There's no words. These next two queens supersize our love of drag. Give it up for Miss Stacy Layne Matthews and Miss Delta Work! Uh-oh! Work! Be a lady! In a year of firsts, this queen returned to take the competition by storm. Please welcome Shangela Laquifa Wadley! Ooh, child! Hallelu! Now, when these two queens lip-synched for their lives, neither one of them sashayed away. Please welcome back Carmen Carerra and Yara Sofia. Echa pa'lante! Yo, Jersey! Sickness. Well, hey, girls. Let's kick it. Stacy Layne Matthews. Hello. From Back Swamp, North Carolina. Now, how has doing Drag Race changed your life? Oh, I'm like the local, um, Oprah Winfrey of Back Swamp now, so... Really? I go outside, you know, walk out my door, and, like, my cousins, and like, "Oh, my God, hey! Hey, girl, oh, my God! It's Stacy!" I'm like, "Honey, it's still me, honey."  Do you have any beef with any of the other queens? Um, when I first watched a show, I was pretty upset with a lot of things a lot of people had to say, especially Delta. I love her, but there was one point where you said I shouldn't have been in the competition from the beginning. I want to be here with people that I think are the fiercest in competition so that when I win, I can feel like I had a victory over people who were just as strong as me. And I don't think you're just as strong as me. You barely knew anything about me, and those things, you know, really hurt when you said that. I apologize if they hurt, I really do. Did I read? Absolutely. Did I talk shit? Absolutely. But my intention wasn't to hurt someone's feelings. This is a sorority and a fraternity at the same time. Part of drag is sitting back and talking shit. "Girl, you got that big old wig on again?" But did I think I was more cut out for the competition from the outset? I did think so. Obviously I was wrong, because you were winning before I was. Did you find out anything new about yourself that you didn't know? I did. I found out that maybe I, on some level, I could have been more of a "lady" like Stacy. I mean, I could learn a lot from Stacy. Sometimes when I answer people's questions, it's probably better to tell them what they want to hear, not what I really think. Because honestly, at the end of the day, maybe the high road would have been to just say, "Yes, I think you look beautiful. Yes, I think you're my fiercest competition." Because it really-- the answer either way wouldn't have mattered and would have been easier to stomach. Was it a positive experience for you or a negative experience? There were negative aspects, but as a whole, it was positive. I mean, I've been given so much that was never promised to me. Nothing was promised to me from this, and I've been able to travel. I mean, I'm 35 years old. I've never been to New York. I got to go to New York and walk red carpets, and I just have been afforded so much. I'm so lucky. Stacy Layne, do you think you're forever changed from having done this show? Oh, Lord, yes, honey. I've even had marriage proposals from Africa. Oh. So I might have to take myself up on the offer. Kamaru.  Shangela, you're back again. I can't seem to get rid of ya. I'm back, Ru. I'm back. Now, how'd it feel to be given a second chance? You know, I feel like I had a lot of pressure, I had a lot to prove, but I really feel like I belonged in this competition, and I was thrilled to be back. Do you feel like you redeemed yourself? Well, hallelu, I hope I did.  Now, you seem to be one of the most strategic queens that have ever been on RuPaul's Drag Race. Well, thank you. Do you think it helped you or hurt you in the end? I mean, top five. I definitely feel like it helped me. Entertainment Weekly reports that you were just cast in the new TV show with Don Johnson. Tell me about that. I recently was cast in a pilot called A Mann's World. It's being directed, created, and written by Michael Patrick King. I play a male hairstylist on the show, so I'm really excited about that. But I'm also excited about continuing Shangela. So I'm dual pathing it, kind of like Beyoncé and Sasha Fierce. Oh, okay. Indeed. Hey, Carmen. Hi, Ru. Now, did your stepdaughter watch the show? She did. What'd she think? Well, I mean, she is-- she's six years old, so she doesn't really get the whole, like, competition. She wants me to put her in drag. She wants me to-- you know, she's like, "I want the same eye shadow as Carmen," and "I want the same lipstick as Carmen." She'd ask my husband, like, "Why is Chris wearing makeup?" And once you, you know, answer the question, it's like she's cool with it. You know, she's really smart, so... Yeah. Now, were you surprised when the judges brought you back? I was. I was really surprised and grateful, more than anything. Now, in the music challenge, Shangela manipulated it so that you would get reggae. What do you think about that? I don't think so. Honestly, when it came down to it, I was not gonna go with country, period. But, Shangela, you did have a strategy. With us being the last two left, I didn't want reggae, so my strategy was to make her feel like I wanted reggae. I set that up. Can I have that deal on the reggae? I love reggae music, like, buh, buh, buh. Ba-da, buh, buh. I really like reggae. So I'm gonna go with reggae. Okay. If there was a competitive spirit within her, where she didn't want me to have what I wanted-- Regardless of whatever Shangela was saying, I wasn't gonna think in my mind, "Okay, "well, she wants reggae, so I'm gonna pick reggae so I can mess her up," you know what I mean? That's not the way I think. You know, competition or not, I don't purposely try to sabotage anyone. If it came down-- let's say if it was me and, you know, if I was in the top three, that's a different story, you know what I'm saying? 'Cause it's already-- you--fine. But how do you get to the top three without competing? No, but you don't have to throw people under the bus. You don't have to, you know, think like that. You can just be the best. You can just be the best, and then you can win. Could you just push them in front of the subway train?  No. Now, Shangela, it seems like you have a different point of view in terms of strategizing. Care to elaborate on that? Well, I think everyone has their own-- their own objective in this competition. I was here, fighting to win, because it meant a lot more than just the check. It meant security; it meant being able to provide for my family and to pursue my dreams, 'cause that's why I'm really here. Yara Sofia, echa pa'lante. Yes. Are you feeling the echa pa'lante down in Puerto Rico? Of course, darling. You're still serving it up? Yes, I do. Yes, darling. Very sad to see your elimination. I know. You gave up during the middle of the number. I'm crying because there's a lot of emotions. I was thinking too much. I'm so angry, and I'm so disappointed. During the competition, I was, like, holding in a lot of emotions. Challenge after challenge every week, it's so challenging, you know what I mean? I kind of disagrees with some of the judgment. The judges, like, sometimes putting other one on top of me, like, over. Like, "Oh, my God, I love you, "the way you fart, the way you fall, the way you walk, the way you wear everything." And then I was like, "Oh, okay." I don't think I agreed, you know what I mean? Right. Who were they praising over you that made you feel that way? Well, it depends. Names, darling, I want names. Raja. She's a great makeup artist. And she could do a better job. If you choose this kind of drag, be the best. Do you feel that you could have gone a little bit further? Where's further? Could you have pushed more, echa pa'lante? Yeah, probably. But, um, after you-- um, the judges asked us the question, like, "Why you deserve to be the next drag superstar and win 75 fucking dollars?"  Thousand. Yeah.  It was a lot of pressure. Yeah. And uh, it-- probably in another moment-- That's a perfect point, because it does come down to how you react in that moment. Yes. And a lot of this competition emulates what real life is in show business, and sometimes, it comes down to that moment where I cannot go on any further, but somewhere, that energy's gotta come. It's out of-- it's out of my hands. Yeah, I understand. I understand. All right. Let's see what the top three queens have to say when RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited! continues. Are you ready for the final three? First, let's welcome a true pageant princess, honey. Alexis Mateo! Sickening. The jig is up. Bam! Next, a multi-talented queen who's a real thriller. Manila Luzon! Imelda Marcos! Big Bird! Give it.  And now, the one queen who, week after week, had us gagging on her charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent, America's next drag superstar, The one, the only Raja. Pose! Lift! Tan, tan, tan. Alexis Mateo, honey. Hi, Ru. Bam! Bam! Is your family proud, how well you did? My family has been very supportive. My mom became one of my biggest fans. It actually helped me to understand my family point of view about the situation, because I grew up in a very Catholic, Pentecostal family. Ooh, child. And now--yes. We have been mediating between what was the homosexuality and, like, the whole drag experience in my family. But now they see me as an actor, more than just a wannabe woman. That it was the point that I really wanted to put across in my family. Yeah. Now, this was your third audition for the show. Yes. Uh, what do you-- how do you think it would have turned out had you been chosen the first go-round? Oh, child, if I was chosen the first season or the second one, I probably went home the first two episodes. Really? Think about it that way. Exactly, and I would have come back, in the third one in a box.  What would you say to queens who have auditioned in previous seasons, like yourself, and didn't get chosen. Keep trying. When the fire is there and when you wake up in the morning, that's what you want to do, go for it. Never, never give up. Now in the Life, Liberty, and Pursuit of Style challenge, you revealed you had a relationship with an active duty marine. Papi, I want you to come back home, baby. Have you heard from him since the show's aired?  Not at all, Ru. And I wish him the best. I already closed that chapter in my life. What would you say if I told you we have him backstage right now?  In drag. In drag?  Can you bring him out now? Yes, immediately, please! We are not that kind of show. We can't afford the airfare. But we could afford a DNA result, and the result is...  Manila Luzon. Hi, Ru. Hey, girls. Hey, girlfriend.  Now, let's get into the real story here that's been on everybody's mind. Your characterizations of Asian-Americans or just Asians in general came under a lot of heat. Have you heard from groups or people who say you were wrong or you were right? When the episode of the news challenge aired... Klistin, "terr" us, what's next? I got a lot of, um, negative feedback saying people thought it was offensive, but they were always, like, not Asian. Comment after comment left on my Facebook page. "Um, I'm Asian. "I didn't find that offensive. I thought it was hilarious." It's also the whole thing of humor. If it's not kind of-- if it doesn't push any buttons, it's not funny. Now, there were a lot of emotions for you on this show. Uh, your father, did he get to see the show? After I got back home, I called him up, I sent him a letter, and he wrote me back, and he said, "Okay, I understand that's-- "this is what you're doing, but it's still a little strange for me." So it was just like an open discussion that I'm just trying to keep, like-- let him, like, marinate in a while. Did your mother watch the show? My mom watches the show, and she's always calling me back, like, "Oh, my God, Carmen's so pretty." I'm like, "Mom, what about me?"  And, Miss Raja, how's it feel to be America's next drag superstar? Surreal. Surreal, abstract. Sometimes invasive a little bit, 'cause there's a lot of haters out there, which is kind of a new thing for me. Now, your win is actually very controversial, and, you know, uh, some people have-- saw you as the fiercest thing ever to walk a runway, and other critics have said you're just a man in a dress. You mean her? I'm just kidding. Well, actually, that was Alexis Mateo's quote.  If it were said to me ten years ago and I was at a different place in my head and in my life, I would have been completely offended, and I would have told everyone to fuck off, but, you know, now I'm in my early 30s. Uhh!  My mid--mid-30s, and you know what? I've just come to a place in my life that I don't really mind embracing the fact that there's a masculine and a feminine. And why not join the two together and morph it into one amazing creature, right? Well, it worked for Bea Arthur. Absolutely.  Now, you kids all have Twitter and Facebook and all. Do you read the comments from the people out there? Um, I do, and I don't. On Twitter, you're only allowed a certain amount of characters to cuss someone out. And on Facebook, it takes a little bit more effort 'cause you have to like the bitch first and then leave her a mean comment. Well, a lot of people have said that Raja was too, uh, experienced for the competition. Do you feel that way? As far as me being seasoned, yes, I am seasoned. And, yes, I have been doing it a long time. And, yes, people do know who I am. But there was nothing said that America's next drag superstar should be a beginner who's never been known or seen, you know? Or maybe she could have been. She could have been, you know? There's still a long line and legacy of RuPaul's Drag Race still yet to happen, I hope, you know? And I think there's a lot of room for different styles, different points of view in drag and what-- how we perceive our own personal art. I think there's still tons of room for that. Now I want to talk about something that was touched on earlier. Delta said that we were like a sorority and a fraternity mixed together. And there's a lot of comments that sometimes backstage, we are harsh with one another. But the truth is, if we were in a locker room, some of the things that wives would hear from men-- and we are men-- could be harsh too. We call it, what's the T? And the T being the truth. I want to open the floor about that. Now, Raja, you came under a lot of criticism because you could be seen as harsh with your backstage speak. It was like watching a sports event. You know, no one wants to go to the soccer game and, like, hope that the two teams love each other. "Oh, my God. "I hope he gives the ball to that guy. Oh, my God. I hope that he makes the goal." Nobody does that. There's a battle that happens. Reading is fundamental, and I think it's definitely part of drag culture, and it's fun. It's our way of like, you know, straight guys come up to each other, and they punch each other on their shoulder. That's what we're doing. To me, I think it's a way of sharpening your wit and getting quicker and thinking quicker, and you have to be on your game. And it's like practicing before a baseball game. You have to throw that ball hard, and you have to do it quick, and you have to catch it hard and throw it right back. Shangela, do you agree? Some of the things that I saw throughout the season, just, they didn't sit well with me, and I hate to keep even giving it attention, but this whole Heathers/Boogers thing, that's ridiculous. But if you want to put someone down to build yourself up, then, you know, that's what you have to do for yourself. I mean, if this is the face of Booger, I think it's sickening, so ta-da. Hell, minus the lawsuits and the prostitutes and the drugs and the tiger blood, I'm the Charlie Sheen of drag. Duh, winning. Alexis, did you feel put down by being called a Booger? No, I think it was stupid as hell. It was hilarious to listen to a person believing on that to make herself feel better. Honestly, 'cause I heard it, like, three times today, you guys were saying, "Oh, well, we're calling you Boogers so that we can feel better about ourselves." I don't think that's what it was at all. Well, why did you call us a Booger? Because it's not shady. It's funny. It's just for fun. To you. But if you take it that personal, that's your insecurity. No, baby, it's not insecurity. It's clockin' it how it is. Let's get it real. If you want to bring it, let's do it. Who else didn't think that Heathers versus Boogers was funny or tongue-in-cheek? When I first started drag, I was a Booger down. You know, I was a Booger for years. Explain what that is. Well, a Booger is just a term that, in drag, of just being, like, a busted, like, unpolished mess. When you call us Boogers, you're calling us not polished. A mess. A mess, a beginner. I think what-- what's happening here is that people are taking everything so damn literal. It wasn't a reference point of, you look physically like a booger. It was a state of mind. And that fact was that we're grown men. We know our names aren't Heather, even though they're right here on our necks. We know that that's not the case. And we kept doing it over and over because it was the audacity of that. The audacity that this farting Mexican man up here in a blond wig is really Heather. Why did you call this particular group of girls Boogers? Because it's extreme, it's funny, it's exaggerated, as much of what drag is. And it's not that we were being, you know, literal, and we're not really putting you down. It was just like, at some point, the whole idea of Heathers and Boogers just kind of dissipated for me and Heathers just meant my three little friends that I felt safe around. Who would you consider the queen of the Boogers? Personally, I had my most, biggest frustrations with Shangela, so in my mind, I think it would be Shangela 'cause that was my, like... Nemesis. My nemesis at the time. Now, Stacy, when I asked who was offended by the word "booger," you raised your hand. What's going on? Just listening to the comments, I just felt like it was a little bit different than what I saw in person, because I felt this nice, kind people in front of me, and then to watch it, the behind the scenes, and to see what people "really" thought about me, it was very difficult for me, and it took a toll on me. What specifically? I want to know what specifically? Who offended you the most? Raja, basically, you know, just saying that I shouldn't be here anyway, I shouldn't be here at all. The whole bullfrogs thing, it bothered me so much. Looking at the episodes, I'm like, "Some of the things that I said were quite harsh," you know? And I was just kind of blurting them out and just being a badass about it, but I don't think I really meant it to hurt anyone's feelings. The Heathers and the Boogers thing was all meant to be fun and light, and it still should be sort of that, but it really shouldn't be taken literal, and if I could actually just sort of just squash it and not really perpetuate it any further-- I mean, I feel like Stacy was probably the most vulnerable out of the group. And apparently the things that were said have really hurt her, and if I could just sort of reach out to you, and I don't know if it means anything to you at all, but I would like to present you with my Heathers necklace, which really means a lot to me. Wait, just hold on. I want you to have this, so... Yay, I'm a Heather.  I love you. Aw! Yay. That's very nice.  That's very nice. I tell you what, from this moment on, there will be no more Heathers; there will be no more Boogers. We will all be referred to as Hoogers.  Hoogers! Queens, get your questions ready for Michelle Visage, as RuPaul's Drag Race: Reunited! continues. Now, this season, my best squirrel friend, Michelle Visage, joined the judges' panel, and the main stage will never be the same. Hey, Michelle. Hey, baby.  Now, this season, you had a chance to bring back one of the eliminated queens, and you chose Miss Carmen Carrera. I did. Now, let me ask what's on America's mind. Why? Look at her. No, really-- Is it because you're from New Jersey? Yes, that's exactly why, Ru.  Repping the Garden State. No. Billy Santino and I felt that-- Delta came up, Mariah came up. We were all back and forth, trying to figure out who to bring back, and in the end, we all agreed unanimously that Carmen was fresh on the mind, fresh on the lips, and we knew that she had more tricks up her sleeve, or so we thought. Now, Alexis, you almost left the competition because of comments that you felt Michelle made about you. Yeah. I think you're a bitch, Michelle.  It's frustrating 'cause we're dealing with so much pressure, and, like, I mean, you think you're killing the hip-hop moment. You a little came down, and she got-- she bring you back in 120 degrees. She's like, "You're not giving me hip-hop. "You're Hannah Montana, a hooker version of Hannah Montana." This is like Hannah Montana does hip-hop. Hannah Montana? Yeah. And I was like, "Really, bitch?" Pero una pregunta. Okay? Would you rather me sit there and go, "Oh, honey, you're fabulous." Like, I'm gonna say it, and I'm gonna say it one time. Okay. It's so easy to talk about a drag queen, but it's so difficult to be one. Honey, I know. It's amazing. It's amazing. I mean, for me, drag is a female illusion, and to make comments about a plate that I just bought that actually helped me reach the point of female illusion is stupid, because you bought your titties too. Yes, I did, absolutely. So it's completely-- it's completely pointless, because that's what we are. And then to see that I'm getting picked in the little details, where Raja doesn't even wear titties, is-- She is tonight. She's got something going on. Yeah, it's complicated. Okay, now let me explain where I was coming from so you understand. I think you are an amazingly talented queen. I think you're gorgeous. With all of you, my job was to help you get to the next level. Tonight, your body looks perfect to me. Like, I would have no critique of this, Alexis. I know I have my issues, and I try to dress accordingly, so I kind of hide those flaws. Why would you do something that makes you 30 pounds heavier looking when you don't need to? That was my only issue. I'm just here to be as real as I can be, minus my boobs. And you want to rock a breastplate, that's fine. I grew up in New York City, where drag queens don't do that. So I do get your pageant drag. I get it. It's not that I don't get anybody's drags. I know regional drags are different. But I just wanted to see things switched up every now and then. Tonight, you don't have it, and you look beautiful. But I do--wearing-- I'm wearing titties. That's fine. That's different. I love my titties, and I work it out all the time. And you should. Bam, yes. Bam. I'm wearing a body pad, so...  Now, this is an opportunity for all the girls. If you have something to say to Michelle Visage, now is your time. I thought you were mean. I mean, that eyebrow just kind of goes up, and those cheekbones are all up here. When God painted the Michelle doll, he painted her fiercely, so I just think you have that look on your face. I was always the girl at the club where somebody would come up and say, "Why you look like that? Why don't you smile?" And I'd be like, "Why don't you get away?" Actually, I just wanted to commend her. I did enjoy the consistent judging, and it seemed like she wasn't temperamental, and then I really did get a good vibe. There's a term called "Stone Cold Carter" in the ballroom scene, and it's for those, the mugs that don't smile. Uh-huh. The judges who-- who don't give any-- Well, her. Uh-huh. It's not every judge had a mug. Well, Michelle Visage is from the ballroom scene. Yes, she is, and I definitely related to her. All right, now, RuPaul's Drag Race fans are the best fans in the whole wide worldwide net. So here's some questions that you've shemail, tweeted, or posted on our Face-face-facebook fan page. The first question is from David in New Hampshire, and it is for Mimi Imfurst. Why do you always look so scared? I don't know. Do I look-- do I look so scared all the time? She's painted that way. I'm surprised. I think it-- probably it relates back to during the competition. I think I definitely had a lot of insecurities. Did the competition scare you? I scared-- I think I scared myself more than anything. I--I got lost in my own world of not trusting that I have good ideas, and I let it be my demise. All right, this next question is for India Farrah from Anonymous in northwest Indiana. Says, "I'm a 13-year-old aspiring drag queen. What is your biggest piece of advice you could give?" Oh, wow. You started at 12. Yes, I started at the age of 12. So basically you were the Miley Cyrus of drag.  Absolutely. Luckily my brother is gay as well, so it was kind of easier, and with my family being so supportive, that was really easy for me to do it. So try to feel comfortable in your own skin. Don't pay attention to, like, the negative, like, comments, the bullshit. Let it go in one ear and out the other. All right, next we have a question for Shangela. It's from Kayla G. who wants to know, "While watching the show, did you ever get sick of hearing yourself say hallelu?"  Actually no, because I like to say, "I live in the lu," because "hallelu" is more than just a word to me. It's kind of the way that I live. It's joyous. It's an attitude. It's happy. It's an attitude. It's a way of life... Yeah, it's a way of life. To me, hallelu. Okay. Right on, right on. Joseph G. in Los Angeles asks, "Carmen, have you seen J. Lo since the taping?" So I've been around Jennifer Lopez in person, I mean, movie sets, concerts, like... I went to her birthday party impersonating her. Like, Marc asked me to come, whatever. No. Mm-mm. I usually get to see her when she's, like, on tour or when she's doing, like, a movie. If she's filming a movie, it's like... I can be with her for, like, a week because she's at the same location. Like, you know what I mean? But I haven't seen her. I'll see you soon, Jennifer. We're gonna do a video together, and we'll put it out there and post it on Facebook to clear all the rumors. Gorge. All right. Now, the next question is for Raja, and it is from Tommy in Salt Lake. "Have you heard from Tyra Banks since your parody of her on the Snatch Game?" Girl, I saw you smiling with your eyes. What do they call that? Smissing.  Tyra, is there anything going on that you want to tell us about? What? Are you smissing too hard? I think I smissed so hard, my eyes bled, girl. Oh, my goodness! Mm-mm. Nope, haven't heard from her at all. But, you know, I do hear from Miss J all the time. He's like, "Walk back, you fucking crazy... blah, blah, blah," just all through texts. Tyra did tweet me, but that was when the season first started. Okay. When the season-- She hadn't seen me do her parody yet. Ooh. Hope she has a sense of humor. She does. I know Tyra well enough, even though we're not the bestest friends by any means, but I do know her well enough that she would have a great sense of humor about it. And, you know, she's funny. She's crazy just like us. She's a big ol' drag queen, so she gets it... I hope.  Now, Yara, I do have a question for you. It's from Michael H. in Los Angeles. "What did your little person friend think of Yara Sofia?" He love it. You know what? I haven't received, like, a bad comment or a bad feedback about the little person performance. Good. good. It's been a year of unprecedented twists and turns, and if I could live this season all over again, I wouldn't change a thing. Now, to those of you out there watching, don't fuck it up. Continue to support my girls live and in person, on Facebook, Twitter, and wherever fine sequins are sold. Now, here to announce the winner of Miss Congeniality, as voted by you, the superfans, welcome back Santino and Billy B. cheers and applause Yeah. Whoo! Mwah, mwah. My darling, mwah, mwah. Lovely. So, Santino, what do you got for us here? All season long... Yeah? We've expressed our opinions, and now it's time for the viewers to have their say. Thousands of fans voted. Well... And we have a winner. And we have a winner? We have a winner. OMG. The one queen America loves to like is... drum beating Yara Sofia. cheers and applause Oh, my God. Yara Sofia, you are Miss Congeniality. Here is your sash.  Work, mami. Condragulations, mami. Thank you. both: Mwah, mwah. Yara, you've won a trip for two to the luxury Our Lucaya Resort on Grand Bahama Island. cheers and applause Yeah, baby. Courtesy of AlandChuck.travel, America's number one gay vacation specialist. And lucky for you, you only have one island over from where you live.  You could swim there. Yara, what do you have to say to your fans? I love you all. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Mwah. Thank you. cheers and applause Now to all you future drag superstars out there, if you want to compete next season, go to our Facebook fan page for information. And for all the T on the new season of RuPaul's Drag U, premiering June 20th, check out Facebook and logotv.com. And if you still can't get enough, follow me on Twitter, and we will become lifelong friends. Hashtag, friends forever. And from the bottom of my heart, I want to thank my queens, my judges, and especially you for making RuPaul's Drag Race the craziest damn show on television. Now remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen in here? all: Amen! All right, ladies, the time has come for you to lip-synch for your lives to my new single, Glamazon, available where? all: On iTunes, bitch.  Let the music play!  Sick... twisted... unnatural... you asked for it... and you got it. It's a brand-new season of RuPaul's Drag Race. Let the games begin! This year's search for America's Next Drag Superstar... Shake it! Goes where no man has gone before. No one can do lip-syncing in space. Prepare to die! Aah! More queens... more sassy stars... Ho ho ho ho! What did you just call me? Hallelu. More tears...  I don't know what I was thinking. And big, big... Can I use that to store some of my shoes? Cash money, honey. That's a lotta fucking money. We've taken everything you love... Get her off of me! And super-sized it. The time has come... For you to lip-synch... For your life. Shot in eye-popping triple D. Stop the insanity! RuPaul's Drag Race is about to spin out of control... in three... two... one. My name is Delta Work. I'm 34 years old, and I'm from Norwalk, California. There's gonna be a good half the people watching that think that a big girl can't win this competition. But if you can't get past that, then you're not gonna get into everything I have to offer. I'm here not just to represent the big girls. I wanna follow in RuPaul's footsteps. My name is Christopher Ulman, also known as Carmen Carrera. I am 25 years old from New Jersey. Titties, titties!  Body! Carmen Carrera is, like, the flyest girl you're gonna ever meet in your life. I make sure that her body is flawless. If you find a flaw, let me know. Hi! Hi. What's goin' on? Oh, look at your shoes. I love them! Oh, those are rad. Fierce, honey, fierce. My name is Phoenix. I'm 29 years old. I'm from Atlanta, Georgia. Yay, craziness. When I walk in, I want people to be like, okay... she could be a handful. I can play well with others. My mom raised me well. But I definitely do have a bitchy side.  Hello! Well, hel-lo! Manila! Hi! Oh, my God, look at you! I'm Manila Luzon. I am a creative little kid from the Midwest whose creativity was too big for Minnesota. So I moved to New York City. Oh, I'm so happy you're here. I love Manila. I know her from working in New York. This is the most clothes I have seen you ever in. I know. Always buck naked. My drag persona Manila is my personal muse because... I inspire myself.  Hi! Hi. My name is Stacy Layne Matthews. I'm 25 years old, and I'm from Back Swamp, North Carolina. I'm very much so a country queen. I live on a dirt road surrounded by corn fields. Can't get more country than that. We got two of y'all tonight. Okay. Yes, honey. Being a plus-size queen living in a drag community that's so vicious-- it's so vicious-- it's built me up to be who I am. The weather girls are here. Say, word. door opens Hello! all: Hi! My name is Adam, AKA Venus D-Lite. I'm 26 years old, and I live in Los Angeles. Hi, Venus! Hey, what's going on? Hi, baby. Venus's female role models are Madonna, of course, Grace Jones, Barbra Streisand, and Jean Harlow. She's just a blond bombshell ditzy bimbo. Hi. Hi. I'm Yara Sofia. I'm 26. I'm from Puerto Rico. I'm the Puerto Rican one, so... So? I'm the Asian. And what about you? From L.A., I'm Italian. I'm from L.A., also. I'm black.  Everybody knows who is Yara Sofia in Puerto Rico. I mean, if you don't, I'm sorry, darling, this is not your world. Hey! all: Hey! I am Mariah Balenciaga, AKA Mariah Paris, AKA Mariah Successful. I'm from Atlanta, Georgia, and I am 29 years old. I know you. Good to see you, baby. Mariah tends to be the center of the party. I mean, you cannot miss her. A 6'2" glamazon walking through the middle of the room with legs like a racehorse. Y'all got things worked in yet? No, we're just kinda waiting around for all the girls to come so we can judge them. Oh. There's more? I've dominated and conquered drag's face for the past 11 years. There's really nobody who can touch Mariah. Hey, hey, hey! all: Hi! How's everybody doing? My name is Alexis Mateo. I'm 30 years old. Everybody's having fun? all: Yes.  Are you from Texas? I'm living in Florida right now--I'm from Puerto Rico. Oh, see, double down! We got two big girls, we got two Puerto Ricans. What I hate the most is that people label you as the Latin queen. I'm not just a Latin queen. When I'm in drag, I'm a star. Oh! Ooh. Oh, my. It's embarrassing to walk in with a room with a whole bunch of queens, and you guys are wearing the same outfit. I was like, oh, my gosh. I know they are gasping for breath right now. I'm India Ferrah. I'm from Dayton, Ohio. I'm 23 years old. Girl, prison, honey. I look over to Phoenix copying my style. So I actually had to go up to her and, you know, be a little cunt to her. I love your hair.  I'm definitely wearing the hair better, the vinyl better. India's very, like...painted. She's very, like, old-school drag. But it's cool. It's cool to see, like, that style of drag still amongst us, so... Have we figured out who's gonna be the bitch yet? Ooh!  Welcome to my party! all: Hi! Oh, my gosh! I brought cookies. I'm Mimi Imfurst. I'm 27, and I'm from New York City. How y'all doing? I just want to start off on good terms with all these bitches before I start taking them down.  So who's the bitch here? It's what I need to know right away. You know what...I think we're gonna appoint you. You okay with that? Girl, no. She ain't that slick, honey, Miss Mimi. Before there was Mimi, there was Mariah. Oh... Yes! Oh, my God. It's the purple people eater!  Hi, ladies. My name's Sutan, also known as Raja. I'm 36 years old, and I'm from Los Angeles, California. Raja's a model. She's uber-stylish. She was doing stuff that Gaga's doing now before Gaga even knew about it. Yay! When Raja walked in, 100% pure family walked in. Umph, umph, umph! I love you! How are you? What's your name? I see you lookin' at me.  Her look is definitely not polished. It's definitely not fabulous. It almost looks as if I went into my granny's trunk in the attic. I could see the surprised look on everyone's faces. It was the exact the reaction I wanted. We're drag queens. We're meant to be pioneers. So why not wear a funny little cyclops hat? Nice to meet you. I'm Raja. It's a pleasure to meet you guys. Club kid. Where's her body, where's her hair, where's her makeup? I don't see her on the same level as the rest of us. alarm whoops Whoo, girl! You got shemail. Welcome, racers. cheers and applause You know great things come in threes-- The Supremes, Destiny's Child, Mark Wahlberg's nipples.  Now, RuPaul's Drag Race, season three, hunty, okay? Yeah! So you think you know what it takes to become America's Next Drag Superstar? Well, think again! Watch your back, my queens. 'Tis the season when anything and everything can change in the blink of an eye. So strap in, and let's get this mothertruckin' drag race on the road, okay? all whooping Hello, hello, hello!  Wow! Look how purdy you are! How gorgeous! I think I'm gonna cry!  Welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race. I am so thrilled to be standing here among such royalty. You, my dears, are the fiercest of the fierce! Yes! This is your chance to show the world that you've got the charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent to be America's Next Drag Superstar. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race will receive a lifetime supply of Kryolan professional makeup, headline Logo's Drag Race Tour, featuring cocktails perfected by Absolut. And America's Next Drag Superstar will also receive... $75,000.  $75,000! cheers and applause Bitch... That's a lotta fucking money. You know, they say Christmas comes but once a year. But around here, we like to deck the halls all year round. I declare that it's officially Christmastime at RuPaul's Drag Race! cheers and applause To kick off the holiday, I have a little gift from me to you. Oh, pit crew! Ooh! Ow!  Well, kiss that Christmas! Baby, I was starting to get a little sweaty. These guys are fine. Maybe there's something bigger and buffer coming out of the box. I was ready for the third one. It was about to be a party. Now, if good things come in small packages, then this is gonna be re-donkulous! Hallelu, ladies! Oh, my God. Whoo! And there's Shangela. Hallelu. Hallelu, hallelu! Oh! Merry Christmas. Happy holidays, bitches.  Everybody's face...gagged. What the fuck? Who invite this girl again? She already got her moment of glory. She got eliminated. Sahara Davenport... Shantay. You stay. Shangela, you have only just begun. But I have a feeling... we haven't seen the last of you yet. Now, for the first time in Drag Race history, I'm giving one of my girls a second chance. Shangela will be joining you in this competition. all: Oh... Welcome, Shangela. It's a nice thing that Shangela's here, but she doesn't threaten me in any way. So now that all 13 of my girls are here... are you ready for your close-up? Hey, Carmen. Hey, hey. Come on, down, mami. What's going on? This is celebrity photographer Mike Ruiz. Mike has set up this gorgeous Christmas winter wonderland scenario, and he's gonna get a few shots of you. Okay. Today is the first challenge of the entire race, and it's so important because it's the first impression that they make. This is gonna be a sexy, sexy cover of your Christmas card. You are going to be jumping on that trampoline to do it. Oh, God.  I'm not gonna be able to pull this off. I'm wearing the wrong dress to be jumping. This is gonna be terrible. Wait, let me just make sure that all my jewels are locked away. Well, you've got several jewels. Okay, all right, let's do this, yo!  It's snowin' at the Jersey Shore! Blow this, Snooki. Yes, mama. You... Oh--  The flying lady on a Rolls-Royce! Don't worry. We're good, we're good. I'm sorry. That photo shoot was such a mess. I was not ready for none of that. Okay, we got one. Uno, dos, tres. Gorgeous! Uh-oh. Don't worry, don't worry. I'm okay. Careful, Mimi. I can see your nutcracker, hon. Whoo!  Yeah...yeah. Let's start again. And hit it. camera shutter clicks Crazy. Okay. Mimi had a really hard time maintaining composure. She wasn't giving us sexy. She was giving us crazy. Pick your feet up. Whoo--ooh hoo hoo! I'm jumping on the trampoline with my boobs, which are very heavy. They weigh about 12 pounds. I was sweating to death. They wanted to fall off. I think your breasts are throwing your balance off. They're throwing my balance off.  There ya go.  I was a little nervous about this challenge. Me being a plus-size queen trying to jump around on a trampoline is not cute. You gotta jump as high as you can. A little bit higher, if you can. One, two, three. And he keeps telling me to jump higher, jump higher. But my fat ass, I'm sorry...  I can't jump that high on a trampoline. One, two, three! Beautiful. Okay, do something nasty now with that candy cane. Ride that cane! Beautiful. Mariah just, like, radiates sexuality. Your eggnog brings all the boys to the yard. Send in the clowns!  Hi, Raja. Hi, Raja! Come on down. W.T.F.? To see a trampoline flanked by half-nude men... I mean, what else could I ask for? Gimme sexy face. Oh, yes! Okay. You know what I want, Raja. Oh, yes, mami! Raja is this beautiful, elegant gazelle. He really has a good sense of his body and how to portray it in a photograph. One, two, three. Hi. Ooh! Look at you guys! What's up, dudes? What's up, bros? Everyone's unpacking, and I got a chance to kind of look around the room and see everyone stripped down without their makeup, the wigs are gone, the paddings are gone. And I got to see these men and, you know what? I've gotta say some of them are kind of cute. Yara's kind of a cute boy. Tattoos. Oh, my God, kind of hottie over there. Oh, my god, that one--is that even out of drag yet? Stacy looks like a girl out of drag. I was like, is that somebody's mama? For Puerto Rico! Feliz Navidad! Gorgeous. Alexis, a little Ann-Margret she was giving me today. And sexy face. Sexy face! Gorgeous. We got it. That was it. Beautiful. One, two, three. Ooh, how phallic. Manila was actually really great on the trampoline, very limber and very capable. Okay, we got it!  Good. And sexy! Oh...oh! Try and get off the ground just a little bit more. One, two, three. Okay, and hit it. Not so high with your hands. Keep your hands down here. One, two, three. Ooh, Merry Christmas! Higher, higher! You look like a snow leopard. Hi! Hey, Shangela. Hi, Ru! Good to see ya. Hey. Hi. One year later, and I'm in front of Mike Ruiz again. I have something to prove. Get out here and turn it out. Round two, baby. I am ready. All right. I look forward to it. Okay, yea-- oh, yes, mama! Sex-ual! Christmas never looked so sexy! You have made us proud. You have done your homework. Yay! Thank you. Whoo! Girl, got me right on together. When I step into that room, I felt like I'd gone back in time. Well, I remember the spot that was unlucky in love for me last season, so let me go find a new spot. Hallelu! Ooh, praise him. Ah. Now, some of these new queens may not be so excited that Shangela is back in the building. No, I auditioned, just like-- yeah, I auditioned just like everyone else. She kept asking me, "Girl, how'd you get back?" She seemed a little cunty about it. And I feel like over the last year I've grown, and also I wanted to come back and compete and really compete. Shangela, she says she's gained enough experience. All I can say, Shangela, is prove it. Serve it, girl. Because you're under the microscope now, bitch. She's probably one I'm gonna have to watch my back for. Ooh! Yeah! It's silicone, yeah. I have never had any plastic surgery. It's like baseball players taking steroids. You're sort of cheating. I've had this three times and this two. Well, you better work that Madonna look, grr. All my money and all my time has gone into drag. I've dedicated, devoted, compromised my whole life to be a drag queen, and I think that's why I'm here. Carmen, you always naked. Naked. Sorry. I have to get ready. Naked. She has been runnin' around the dressing room all day completely naked. Just naked. I mean, is this a sex competition, or is this a holiday couture competition? Miss Carmen, you gotta be naked. Girl, I don't even see it as naked. I don't know what these queens are talkin' about. I'm sorry, you know, I feel comfortable with my body. For me, it's a locker room. tape roll stretching I think this hot glue gun gets way too hot. It's like a lava gun right here. They don't call it a warm glue gun. Oh, fuck. This hurts. Fuck. I think everyone is just really on edge. We don't have that much time before we have to be all up in drag and walkin' out on that runway. How you holding up? I wish I had more time. You gonna have another breakdown, girl? I hope not. Only have a breakdown if I'm goin' home. Hey, guys. Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Now, tonight is like a RuPaul family Christmas special, and it wouldn't be Christmas without our very own Santa Claus! Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! The funniest man on earth, Bruce Vilanch. Hi, Bruce. Hi, Ru. We are so glad you're here. It's tough for a Jewish boy to do this. I know. I know. But in this economy, you'll take it where you can. Exactly. I'm up-sizing. Santino! Hey, Ru. Hello, my dear. Shall we dance? Let's. And the return of Michelle Visage, my cohost for over 100 episodes of the RuPaul talk show. Couldn't keep us apart. And Mike Ruiz. Yes! We've just gotta stop meeting like this. I know! Prissy kissness. And I saved the best for last. The lovely and talented Vanessa Williams is here! Darling, you look phenomenal. Thank you so much. I see you glittering over there too. Thank you. Got some gifts for Santa. Yes! Thank you! This week, our queens were challenged to make their best holiday drag looks using thrift store hand-me-downs and Christmas decorations. Gentlemen...start your engines. And may the best woman win! Carmen Carrera. Hey, hey. Look at the size of that box! My lips are done, my hair is done. I'm feeling hot right now. The spotlight is on me. You can see my cheeks from across the street. Uh-uh! Oh, the mistletoe. Is that mistletoe or cameltoe? Look at that body. Ah! Manila Luzon. Look at the size of that muff! Both hands fit. I am living on the runway. I'm having so much fun. The snow is coming, and I'm just struttin' my stuff. A desperate housewife of the North Pole. All right! He's giving us Janice Dickinson. It's Yara Sofia, and she's had her nose fixed! What a fabulous set of antlers. I was so nervous, but I feel great. I did a good job, and I give them a surprise. Hey! Incredible. I love it! Oh, who do we have here? That's Phoenix? Ahoy! I think it was definitely the best Christmas couture that I could give. I think my shit's fierce. I think I could win. Oh, holy night, that skirt is short. I can see her figgy pudding! Stacy Layne Matthews. Representin' Back Swamp, North Carolina. I think it's time for a plus-size queen. The skinny girls try to take over, so I think it's time for us big girls to step up. Now, that's the Jingle Bell Rock. Oh, it's Venus D-Lite! Merry Christmas. I'm just really trying to be fun and sassy, little flirty. I'm being me. Oh, lick it. That looks delicious. Somebody's gonna get caned. India Ferrah. Okay, now. Look at those two treats. Santa, would you like some milk to go with those cookies? I'm looking good, bitch. My hair is done, makeup right, and I'm just walking down the runway, knowing that I look sickening. Ooh, the Fahrenheit is getting higher! Delta Work. And she is giving us a Kwanzaa celebration. As soon as I hit the runway, I am just--I'm so excited. It's exhilarating. It's what I've been waiting for. And I'm feeling really good giving Kwanzaa realness. Erykah Badu! Leontyne Price. From Puerto Rico... Alexis. Ooh! Feliz Navidad. Cha, cha, cha! I'm feeling fabulous. The light, the music, adrenaline comin' through. I'm just feeling on the top of the world. Oh! Oh, yes! Okay. El Barbizono modeling school-o. Love the snowflake earrings. Next, Mimi Imfurst. Oh, little baby Jesus in her hands? Oh, yes, it's the Madonna! It is! It's the mother. Oh, wait a minute, that's-- that's actually a ham in her arms. I hit the runway, and I just decide in my mind that I'm going to deliver this dress and deliver the character. I wanna see baby Jesus. I know--is he asleep right now? He's cooking at 350! Hotlanta's own, Mariah. In Christmas gray. Oh, she's giving a little Wilhelmina Slater, I'd say. Yes, she is! I'm not polished as well as I know I can be, but I'm not gonna let the judges see that. I'm never gonna let them see me sweat. Silver bells! Couture Christmas. Karl Lagerfeld, eat your heart out. Up next is Raja! Oh, no stranger to the runway. Look at the detail on that skirt. Vivienne Westwood! What? Once I get out there, I feel awesome. That's my thing. I am a runway girl. I am a photography girl. I'm a model. I just can't take my eyes off of her. Gorgeous! Yes! Snow angels! Was it snow angels or a fit? Shangela Laquifa Wadley. Oh, she's gained weight! Oh, there she is. She made a snowman. She's a little frosty. Oh, and she's got her piece of corn there. All right! It's become a tradition here. Oh, and her skirts light up! Where is she keeping the batteries? I am feeling so confident. I love my outfit, and all I can think is, "Shangela, work, bitch." You know what I say. Never work with animals, children, or snowmen. Welcome, ladies. Based on your Christmas drag, your holiday card photo shoot, and your presentation on the main stage, I've made some decisions. Will the following queens please step forward? Mariah. Delta Work. Yara Sofia. India Ferrah. Phoenix. Stacy Layne Matthews. Alexis Mateo. The seven of you all stood out... for not standing out from the crowd. You are all safe from elimination. But I warn you. In this competition, with $75,000 at stake... "Safe" is a dirty word. You may leave the stage. All right, ladies... you six are the nicest and the naughtiest of the week. It is time for the judges' critiques. Let's start with Carmen Carrera. Well, I think Carmen used her assets to a T. Yes, ma'am! All I can think of is bows, bows, booty. You used what your maker gave to you, and you brought the sexy. From one Jersey girl to another, Carmen, you're hot. You know you're hot. Here's my one concern: don't rely on body all the time. Y'all, I'd like to hear from Santa, Bruce Vilanch. I'm very concerned about the mistletoe, because I think it's bad when anything takes root there. Thank you, Bruce. Let's take a look at your holiday photo. You didn't really get into, like, the dancer-ly beauty of what I was asking of you guys. I've never done the trampoline before, and getting on it, I pulled a muscle. So I wasn't really ready for this, and it was kind of like, the hair wasn't really working with the--what I had on my arm, which was getting caught to the chiffon. And then my lip gloss was stuck, you know, and I swallowed a piece of snow and... There's a lot of excuses. You know, this is a competition. At the end of the day, nobody gives a crap. You just have to bring it. Next up, Manila Luzon. Being from New York, you reminded me of a Rockette. And the second thing was Marie Osmond, for some reason. It's very Marie Osmond, isn't it? She has really big hair these days. But very well put together. Thank you. You are a magical, fantastical confection. Well, this is the second dress that I've ever sewn in my life. Wow. It's great. It looks like Louis Vuitton. Oh! I thought more La Toya Vuitton. Shangela Laquifa Wadley. Where'd you get the idea to use a big prop like that? Oh, you talking about Frostula? Frostula the Snow Ho. And if she came to life, it would be Shangela. You kind of have a mild concept going, but it's still very kind of remedial. The execution is poor. The back, it's kind of falling apart. There just could have been more attention to detail. Now, I did learn to sew. However, it was a little difficult in working with a paper material. That was new for me. Here's the thing--you bring out a big giant snowman. The snowman was bigger than the payoff. And the thing about props-- you never wanna be upstaged by a papier-mache snowman, you know what I'm saying? You don't! Well, I tell you, on that note, let's take a look at your photograph and see how well you did. I see a lot of armpit. That's the first thing I went to, it was like-- armpit, you know. But it's fresh. All right, Shangela, thank you very much. Next up, Venus D-Lite. How'd it feel for you up on the runway? I was just having a ball. Can you turn around and show me your ponytail? That is really, I think, the best part of your outfit. I think the rest of the outfit is overdone. What did Coco Chanel say? "Before you leave the house, take one thing off"? You've got the snowflake and the beaded shoes and then the beaded lapel. I mean, it's a lot goin' on. Of the fabrications you selected, the whole mix isn't really working for me. You look like a sad Christmas elf. The choices that I had to make an outfit-- it was very limited. And I'm saving the best for later. Well, Venus, as you know, in this competition, with $75,000 at stake, everything you do counts. So that's not really an excuse. Next, Mimi Imfurst. You've got such a big heart. Thank you! I've got a big everything, girl. I actually only weigh 98 pounds. The rest of this is liver. Ah! It's really a twist on something that is very religious, and you are making it delightful and campy and really putting a spin on it. You have a great concept. There's a amateurish quality about it, but I love it. I think it all works. Santa Claus, meet the Virgin Mary. I think you're show business. You're what it's about. And you had a concept, and you had an execution, and you've been carrying that baby longer than Rose Kennedy carried 12 children. I'm kind of surprised, in some ways, that you have said such kind words. You guys have sort of renewed my faith today in doing what you trust in your heart. Thank you, Mimi. Raja, you won the photo challenge. Wow. Yeah. Flawless. It's obvious to me you have incredible style. You work this runway like a supermodel. And you're not taking yourself too seriously, which kind of embodies, like, the whole well-rounded, like, drag superstar kind of thing that we're going for. For me, it's what, like, drag artistry is all about. It's just doing something unexpected and creating it out of nothing. This is what I do, you know? I'm a runway girl, I'm a model. I'm Supermodel of the World, the sequel, I'd like to say. The only thing that I might suggest is that you project a little more in your voice. I mean, I can certainly speak louder, but she's making me nervous, so... Thank you, ladies. Thank you, Bruce. While you enjoy an Absolut cocktail in the Interior Illusions Lounge, the judges and I will deliberate. You may leave the stage. Just between us "goils," what do you think? Let's start with Carmen. Carmen brought bo-dy. I'm still mesmerized how she tucked all that stuff-- I don't know where the heck it went, but it was an amazing tuck. The one thing I thought might have lacked was her personality. Although, I'm sort of a sucker for that "Joisey," you know, thing like dat, you know. I wanted more Jersey. I have no idea who Carmen is, at this point, but a body. What about Manila Luzon? I think she is gorgeous. She really embodied the spirit of a winter wonderland. The only thing I might say is she's funny and engaging for a cocktail party but not really in an entertainment, kind of showbiz-y kinda way. Right. Shangela Laquifa Wadley. I did think that her outfit looked a little unfinished. She could have done better. She kind of flubbed it. I don't know if Shangela has the consistency to make it further in this competition. The personality supersedes her tailoring skills. I really wanna see some other side of Shangela, and it would be unfortunate to send her home now. Venus D-Lite. She was a sad extra in some kind of, you know, bad-- It's a Horrible Life. Her face is beautiful, but you can't come out on the challenge and the ponytail be the highlight of your ensemble. That's true. Even though the outfit and everything was very amateurish, I was hoping she'd redeem herself with her personality. But she was inarticulate and just wasn't engaging. Mimi Imfurst! Her outfit was a little sloppy, but it was effective. I thought it was hilarious that she used something that's so iconic and turned it into something that was flirty and funny. You know I live for camp drag, but I'm really concerned that that's her shtick and that's what she falls on. I wanna see if she can do something else. Raja. How 'bout that? She brings couture and a sense of ownership as soon as she stepped out on the runway. Yes. And then the delight was watching her drop to the ground and being fun. And that was a great combination. I did wish she would project her voice a little more and kind of be a little more in your face. Right, you not just look like a supermodel... Act like one. Silence! Bring back my girls. Welcome back, ladies. Let's get down to it. Mimi Imfurst. You showed us that big girls do cry. Now I'm really gonna give you something to cry about. Condragulatons. You're safe. Thank you. Thank you. I just couldn't believe it. I was for sure I was in the bottom two. I was for sure. Manila Luzon. You have a muff to die for. You're safe. Condragulations. Venus... you were outshined on the runway. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. When Ru said I was in the bottom two, I was... I was devastated. Raja. With your photo, fashion, and frolic in the snow... you are the queen who stole Christmas. Condragulations. You are the winner of this challenge. And Raja, you receive immunity from elimination next week. Plus, you'll receive a $2,000 gift certificate from SequinQueen.com. That's SequinQueen.com. I'm so proud of myself. I worked really hard, and I was really focused about this. And it feels really great. Carmen Carrera, you have the body of death... but do you have the killer instinct it takes to win? Shangela, I've given you a second chance, but your holiday presentation left us a little frosty. Carmen, you're safe. Thank you. Shangela, my dear, you are up for elimination. I'm in disbelief. A year later, and here I am again, in the bottom two. Two queens stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip-sync performance of Vanessa Williams' The Right Stuff. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me to save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip-synch... for your life! Good luck, and don't... fuck it up. telephone rings I really wanna be here. I'm determined to fight to be here. Venus gets physical. But you know what? Even when pushed, you can't stop me. Miss Venus throws her ponytail to the back of the stage. If she would have hit me with that hair, I probably would have had to sock her. The lip-synching is starting to get a little violent. Shangela's lamp shade has become a weapon. Shangela's doing what she's supposed to be doing. She's supposed to be lip-synching and performing, and Venus is just really pouncing on her. cheers and applause Wow. Ladies... I must admit, that made me feel uncomfortable. I expect my queens to... outshine each other, not outgun each other. But I have made my decision. Shangela... Shantay. You stay. Thank you. Thank you very much.  Venus D-Lite... tonight you may be leaving RuPaul's Drag Race ... but you're returning to the constellation of great drag stars. Shine on, Venus, shine on. Now, sashay away. Thank you for this wonderful experience from the bottom of my heart. Thank you. Thank you. I'm happy, I'm sad, I'm pissed off. I think I should still be here. I think I had a lot more to bring to the table. And I don't think I was given that opportunity. Ladies, now, this competition has raised the bar on drag worldwide. There's only one way to go, and that's up. So take me higher. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen in here? all: Amen. Let the music play. Grand prize contributed in part by ALandCHUCK.travel. Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... It's Christmastime at RuPaul's Drag Race. cheers and applause dramatic music Hallelu, ladies! people cheering What the fuck? Hi! I don't know what I was thinking. And if I have to lip synch, I'll motherfucking lip-sync my life off. Oh, it's Venus D-Lite. Mimi Imfurst. Shangela. Raja. Condragulations. You are the winner of this challenge. Two queens stand before me. I'm in disbelief. A year later, and here I am again in the bottom two. Shangela, shantay, you stay. Venus D-Lite, sashay away. Thank you. And tonight... are you ready to have some psychic fun? The dolls gaze into the future. And it's out of this world. Prepare to gag on my eleganza. With extra special guest judges Caprica's Alessandra Torresani and the legendary Lily Tomlin. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race will receive a lifetime supply of Kryolan professional makeup; headline Logo's Drag Race tour, featuring cocktails perfected by Absolut; and a cash prize of $75,000. And may the best woman win. tires screech Oh. Here we go, ladies. Oh, hallelujah. No more snow. Oh, thank god. Oh, she left a message. "Don't be shady. Be a lady." We had our first elimination. I see Venus' message on the mirror, and it's just a finalization that one of my sisters from home is now gone, and I'm feeling completely vulnerable. I've never done this before, 'cause I was the first one to go last time. It's what happens when you push Shangela. I survived. But I don't even feel like the same Shangela. I'm battered, bruised. My spirit is beat down. Well, glad you're still here, Curly. Oh, thank you. Just stay here longer, and don't wear none of them crazy-ass outfits. Okay, well... Manila's coming over to talk to me, and all I hear really is, "Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah." I just don't want to be bothered. I know you have some cute drag up in here, so... I do. I actually do have a lot of good stuff in here. Do you think Venus should have gone home? Yes. It's all about a line of professionalism. You know, we all want this, like, really bad, but you guys will never have to deal with that with me. The competition part has really kicked in. You're like, "People really do go home." Everything we've worked for and wanted for so long is over like that. Venus is gone. The jig is up. Let's see what's next. I'm pushing myself 100% forward and harder to stay here. I think Shangela, she need to be very careful, 'cause the queens in this season are really fierce, including me first. If I was to go home at that moment, I would have... siren wails Ooh, girl! You've got she-mail. Drag, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Drag Race, a one-year mission to boldly tuck where no man has tucked before. men exclaiming Set a corset for warp speed, because this mothership is about to blast off. Hello, hello, hello, hello. cheers and applause Look at you all. For today's mini challenge, I'm looking for two ladies with a little something extra. I'm talking about ESP, extrasensory perception. I need you to pair up with the queen you feel the strongest psychic connection with. The one team that gets the most correct matches wins. Raja, you'll be giving mental vibrations, and, Delta, you'll be receiving. Delta and I are very psychically connected, or at least I hope we are, because Delta knows a lot about me. Delta knows how many cab drivers I've slept with. Delta knows all kinds of shit. Delta, what wig is Raja wearing? It's brunette. What color ring? The white diamond. The white diamond. Last question. What color is the pussycat? cat meows Pink. So, Phoenix, what color boa is Mariah wearing? Day-Glo green. What color is the pussycat? This is definitely a black pussycat. I don't know where she got the lime green boa from, but everybody needs a black pussycat in their life. All right, Carmen, please send it hard. whip cracks Ow--ow. Oh, okay. Girl's wearing a purple boa. Okay. Stacy Layne Matthews, what color pussycat? I'll say a pink pussycat. I'm gonna say pink. Okay, a pink wig. Yes. All right. Let me find it. Let me find it. Find it, honey. It's coming through. It's coming through. And she's wearing the green one. The green one. Yes. All right. Now, I've tested your ESP. And the winning team is Phoenix and Mariah. cheers and applause How about that? The next drag superstar has to prove that her charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent is truly out of this world. Now, for today's main challenge, you'll be shooting scenes for the new sci-fi movie saga... voice echoing Drag Queens in Outer Space. You'll be splitting up into two teams. Phoenix and Mariah, together you won the mini challenge, but now you are competing captains. men: Ooh! I see Phoenix, she's my rival now, and I think I'm gonna wear her out. I definitely have leadership experience. I could totally win this competition, yeah. Now, Phoenix, go ahead and choose the first member of your team. Raja. Mariah. Arianna. Delta. Alexis. Ooh! They all fools, 'cause I have an acting company. So their loss if they don't pick me. India. Shangela. Manila. High-five, team. Stacy. Of course had to get with big girl Miss Stacy, honey. Phoenix, two are left, Carmen and Mimi. Who are you choosing? Carmen. Carmen's coming on over, which of course means that Mimi is going to Mariah's side. By not picking me, the other team is gonna be sorry. people cheering I'm on Phoenix's team, and I feel amazing. I feel like that's, like, the dream team. We have, like, the most talent. I'm looking across the room, and I'm like, "Ugh. A bunch of boogers." In these two envelopes, I have two scripts, Drag Queens in Outer Space: From Earth to Uranus, and the sequel, Return to Uranus. Thank you. Now, your sci-fi movie trailers will make their world debut on the main stage tomorrow. Gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win. cheers and applause All right. Let's go scandalous. I want to be Boobarella. Hermaphrodite, which is this genderfuck evil queen, mannish and womanly at the same time, and is absolutely jealous of Boobarella's beauty. The villainess, Hermaphrodite, is Mimi. Fitting. You better get your Oscar, bitch. I'm gonna give you Meryl Streep realness. You got to get ugly to win the prize. And, Tweaker, this is perfect for you, an alien space monkey. The twinbots, sexy robot twins. Okay. Yes. I didn't want to pair up with Shangela. I mean, I haven't seen no improvement. She said she had worked the whole entire year. Where? We're filming our sci-fi trailer today, and we have to learn lines. We got to make costumes. Yay, we have a great cast. Our cast is great, yes. We're gonna really win this. All right, let's go over our lines. I feel like... Everybody, okay. Let's start--start just going over this. clears throat Phoenix's leadership skills are a little questionable. All right, y'all ready? If you go to Mexico. It's actually a lot to memorize. I think she was afraid and really didn't assert herself. Let's do our table reading. Okay. Bimborella, looking for these? high-pitched babbling That's right, Tweaker. We've arrived at Hermaphrodite's spaceship. Prepare to tranny-port aboard. Twinbots, stay on the lookout. both: We are on the lookout. Y'all need to, like, come up with a voice. I don't want you to just use your normal voice. You're, like, robots. Rosie the robot, she wasn't really that robot-y. Her voice was kind of normal, and... Yeah, we can be like, "Oh, wait a minute." And in unison together. Yeah. Maybe I should have been team leader. Lady Tata's been kidnapped? Prepare to gag on my eleganza. The ship is surrounded by a force field... We're trying to rehearsal, and Mimi's being loud. She's acting like we're not there. I am...your father. And your mother! Back off, Hermaphrodite. Your weapons are no good here. That's not the line, baby. "Your weapons won't work here." "Your weapons won't work here." Read it. I got it, girl. You get the punctuation in your line. I'll get my lines, all right? But just read the script. You're doing your thing. No tea. Just read the scripts. Let's refocus. Let's refocus. Mimi already is trying to show that she is the star of this group, that she's standing out. Miss Mimi, we know you're talented, honey. We know you have the theater background. Can we get through one read-through, please? Hello, hello, hello. all: Hey, Ru! Now, I'm just checking in on my budding starlets. all: Hey, Ru. Let's start with Team Phoenix, From Earth to Uranus. That's right. Now who's playing what role? We've got Delta playing Boobarella. Okay. Pleasure to meet you. Phoenix, I'm surprised you didn't take the lead, Boobarella, for yourself. I think she will make an amazing Boobarella. She's got this one. Look--hello! She's got it. And what is Manila playing? This is the Tweaker. Tweaker the she-monkey? Yes. That's hot. You do have to create your own language. Yes. Can you give us a little taste of what that sounds like? I'm gonna be like... high-pitched babbling That's beautiful. She ordered the Cobb salad. Yeah, she... Now, I want to hear the twins do a line together. Twinbots, stay on the lookout. both: We are on the lookout... for single guys. both giggle Oscar! All right, ladies, work hard. I don't want to see drag queens; I want to see movie stars. All right, get to work. all: Thank you. Team Mariah. Hey, Ru, what's happening? The cast of Return to Uranus. This is an epic. Now, Mariah, what role are you playing? Uh, the milkmaid. No, I'm playing Boobarella. You assigned yourself the lead role. Actually, I think it was slightly unanimous. Now, you all picked the sequel. As you well know, most of the time, sequels suck. So you have your work cut out for you. Make sure that it's a hit picture. Yes. All right, I'm gonna leave you ladies to get camera ready. Cool. Good luck. all: Thank you. Ladies, on the set, you'll be visited by Michelle Visage and our extra-special guest judge, the star of the sci-fi series Caprica, my favorite Cylon, Alessandra Torresani. Oh, awesome. Alessandra Torresani. She is fierce. Now, they'll be here to give you some pointers. This is your chance to shine. So lights, camera, and don't fuck it up. Okay. Okay. Got it. Good luck, bitches. Good luck. Thanks, baby. I want to know why was I fucking picked last. I don't know. Why do you think? Do you think Phoenix didn't pick me on purpose? I don't know. I heard she was--I heard that she was threatened by me. She's threatened by you? Or she thought I was her competition. I mean, if she's threatened by you, then she would think that you were good, and then that would be a benefit to her to have you on her team. Yeah. If she was strategizing the way you think she's strategizing. I just don't know. I didn't think that Phoenix was threatened by her. Phoenix hasn't mentioned that. And I don't know what she could possibly be threatened by. Her name is Mimi Imfurst, but she's not first, and I don't even think she's second. I don't think anyone's placing any bets on her. Hey, hey. Team Phoenix is on the set of Drag Queens in Space: From Earth to Uranus. Greetings, ladies. all: Hi. I'd like to introduce you to our guest judge today. This is Alessandra. Hi, guys. How are you? We will be directing your performances today. Let's get this show on the road. Let's do it. Bring it. Okay. Take one. Tata, twinbots, we must intercept the queen's spaceship, or the balls will be held in Uranus... forever. Cut! Delta. Yes. The line is "the queen's balls will be stuck in Uranus forever." "Stuck" is the punch. Okay. We must intercept Hermaphrodite's spaceship, or the queen's balls will be stuck in her anus. That would be "Uranus." Just so we're clear, it's "Uranus." It's a planet. Family show, honey. At this point, I realize I should have probably spent more time memorizing my lines than primping my hair. Action. We've arrived on Hermaphrodite's spaceship. Prepare to tranny-port in three, two, one. all: Dragonauts away! Phoenix, you're delivering all your lines away from the camera. We need to see your gorgeous face. Okay. Tata, twinbots, stay on the lookout. both: We are on the lookout... for single guys. We've arrived at Hermaphrodite's spaceship. Prepare to tranny-port aboard in three, two, and one. Phoenix. Yes? You keep looking away, girl. You're giving somebody else your time. Okay. I'm like, "Bitch, just get it together." Phoenix, what's your character feeling right now? I think I'm kind of... I don't really know. Exactly. Phoenix, let's say that you are super scared. Okay. But you're trying not to show it, because you're trying to impress Boobarella. Let's give you one more shot, Phoenix. Full of emotion, baby. We know you got it. Okay. Twinbots, be on the lookout. Prepare to tranny-port aboard in three, two, and one. all: Dragonauts, away! Cut. Okay, Raja and Manila. The idea of having Michelle Visage sitting there terrifies me a little bit, because that woman scares me. And action.  I'm wearing the smallest little leotard, and I'm getting a huge cameltoe. Tweaker got pipe. Manila, you're all ears, girl. Hmm? Action. The most gorgeous woman in the universe? Don't you need to be a woman first? Kill 'em, Tweaker! Whaaa! imitating lasers firing Manila, do not make fake sound effect gun noises. It's not your backyard. It's a movie, darlings. I don't know. Just look gorgeous and do your lines. Action! Say what? Action? Oh. Lady Tata is to become... my bride. Lady Tata would never marry a Martian like you. Cut. Tata, you're giving us Maya Angelou. Give us just a little bit more Maya Angelou. Okay. I am from Crab Nebula, bitch! Yeah, Mimi, take it back a little bit. Okay. Lower the energy a little bit. Okay. Action! Miss Mimi. There's a difference in being talented and being a showboat. Boobarella, I see you've increased your war chest. Can I get the line? "Prepare to gag on my"... Thank you. Prepare to gag on my eleganza! both: Get her, Boobarella! Shut the fuck up. No! "Go fuck yourself." Go fuck yourself. My lines have to be fed to me a little bit, and I'm like, "Oh, my god. Please do not let me lead these ladies off a cliff." high-pitched babbling both: Has anyone ever told you you look like an Ewok? The hardest part of my role is to have to share it with Shangela. I wanted my spotlight. both: Stop flirting! You stop flirting! Shut up! No, you shut up! Oh! Oh! Oh, ho, ho, ho! Alexis and I, as the twinbots, we delivered when we hit that set. both: Dragonauts, away! And cut. Nicely done. Okay, that's a wrap, ladies. Congratulations. cheers and applause Your sci-fi trailers will make their world premiere on the main stage tomorrow. cheers and applause Very exciting. And Ru has asked you all to come decked out in your finest space-age couture. people gasp And we will be joined by our extra-special, far-out guest judge, the legendary Lily Tomlin. cheers and applause Lily motherfucking Tomlin. You--you really--you don't get better than that. All right, so until then, live long and prosper. alarm beeps Just as we left it. We're back in the work room. Today we're getting ready for the runway, and we're all gonna get decked up in our shiny, metallic, futuristic realness. Miss Manila? Yeah? My hair is sticking through in that wig. Can you trim it? What, shave your hair? No, I just need you to just trim the back. Can't you get someone else, like the Delta or someone, that does hair to do it? Mimi starts asking the other queens, "Will someone come over and shave my head?" Girl, what if I shave my head? And maybe have, like, a little piece of hair hanging down on the side? That would be cute. And have, like, a little spit curl in the front. Do you want to shave it real quick? Oh, uh-uh. I don't have time, babe. I understand going the extra mile, but this is nothing but Mimi pulling another production. Her name should be Cimi Imfurst, because every time we turn around, she's doing something for someone to "see me, see me, see me." I feel so vulnerable. I didn't hit the mark in the challenge. I wish I would have spent a little more time memorizing my lines, because I expected more from myself. I hate how this thing, like-- you know what I mean? Like, how is that even a tight bobbin? Like, that is not even gonna work. Now my job is to amp up what it is that I wear, how I conduct myself on the runway. I need to basically give 300%, not 100%, 'cause it's just not enough. Forget it. I'm using somebody else's machine. How cyborg. Yeah, right. Yeah, your look is gonna be on point. We will see. I am team leader. You know, I want to make sure everything's perfect. I need it to be on point. I'm, like, a fucking nerv-- I, like, never get nervous. Why was I the villain? Do you think of me as a villain? Yeah. How so? You could be antagonistic if you-- Mimi, do you feel that you worked well with everyone in the group? I think so. I think we had definitely some clashing, but-- Who clashed? I think you and I clashed, girl. I think it's because we both have very strong personalities. We both had an idea of how we wanted the production and our role to go. But in the end, you have to release and trust each actor to be able to take the role on and put their own self into it. I'm really proud of my performance in the trailer. I really think I hit it out of the park. Shangela underestimated me, but I know what I can do, and now she does too. So you're cool? Me and you cool? Girl, we're always cool. Listen, you can take nothing personal in this life. Indeed. It has to be really severe. I look over, and Mimi puts on this headpiece, and I think she looks like Uncle Fester from Addams Family, honestly. Mimi looks ridiculous. If that's what the future has in hold for me or for my kids or for my grandkids, I'm--I'm scared. RuPaul's Cover Girl Hey, guys. Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. So what do you think of my dress? both: Whoo-hoo! Are those pussy willows? They sure are. Santino, you've got it every time. Michelle Visage. Yes, my darlin'. Are you ready to have a close encounter of the drag kind? I am tweaking my knobs and setting a course direct for the Milky Way. Bring it. Alessandra Torresani. My favorite Cylon. You look gorgeous. You do as well. And the great Lily Tomlin is here. Thank you, Ru. Now, this week, our girls made their film debut in the sci-fi saga Drag Queens From Outer Space. Now, decked out in their best futurama glamorama, they're ready for a blastoff. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win! Space age. When I dress up, I'm always looking for perfection and a complete look, and that's my strength. Does that outfit come with solar panels? Get ready for Raja. Whoo! All right, Miss Raja. C-3PO's girlfriend. Yes. Any time I'm on the runway, I'm sparkling. I'm having a blast up there, and I'm doing my robot runway. The queen who fell to Earth. Up next...